The 19-year-old Dane has made nine Championship appearances this season.
He scored his first career goal in the 2-0 win at Nottingham Forest in February.
Town boss David Wagner told the club website: "We are proud he is our player. He has taken his opportunity in the team recently, showing he can bring his performance to the pitch."The move earlier this year sparked widespread public and political backlash with many questioning whether the British royal deserved Australia's top honour.
It came after Mr Abbot revived Australia's honours system last year.
The new cabinet under Malcolm Turnbull is set to review the honours system.
Mr Turnbull, the new prime minister, ousted Mr Abbott from power in an internal party challenge last month.
On 26 January - Australia's national day - Mr Abbott announced he had nominated Queen Elizabeth II's husband to receive the knighthood.
He had said then that the Duke of Edinburgh's life of "service and dedication" should be honoured. The Queen awarded the knighthood in April.
Asked on Thursday in an interview with radio station 3AW about his decision, Mr Abbott said: "Obviously it was an injudicious appointment."
Australia's honours system
The move was met with scorn from many among the Australian public, who questioned the Prince's contributions to Australia and pointed out that as a British royal he was a symbol of another country.
Some media outlets called it a "Knightmare", opposition leader Bill Shorten called it "anachronistic", and Mr Abbott faced criticism from within his own Liberal party.
Mr Turnbull, who used to chair Australia's republican movement, had previously defended the honours system's revival in 2014, noting that most republics have an honours system and an order of knighthood.
But he is now said to be in favour of abolishing the system, according to Australian media reports.That is the view of the organisation representing micro breweries which says the thirst for craft beer in pubs and beyond shows no signs of drying up.
It comes as the number of traditional pubs have declined, with a pub closing every couple of days in Wales.
But the number of breweries has doubled in the past five years to 88.
"It's growing really rapidly," said Buster Grant, chairman of Drinks Wales, which represents independent brewers as well as cider and wine producers.
Welsh brewers are set to showcase their beers at two key events.
There is Cardiff Brew Fest this weekend and a three-day festival in London next month will feature 100 Welsh beers and ciders.
Mr Grant, managing director of Brecon Brewery, said: "There's a growth of craft beer in places like Cardiff where people like stronger, hoppier beers and more extreme flavours but also there's still growth in more traditional ales.
"In an age of austerity, people are not going out quite as much but when they do they're seeking out something different; they're a little bit more picky about where they go and are prepared to pay a little bit more."
He said Welsh brewers are taking their beers across the UK and looking abroad. At home, 20 small Welsh breweries now have their own pubs.
Four micro breweries -  Bragdy Nant, Bragdy Conwy, Purple Moose and Great Orme - got together to reopen one pub in Conwy three years ago and recently bought two more.
Bragdy Conwy employs nine people and has enjoyed 20% year-on-year growth, supplying supermarkets, bars, restaurants and pubs.
Owner and head brewer Gwynne Thomas said it was difficult to predict the industry's future.
"About 2008, during the financial crisis, I thought we'd reached saturation point but the last few years growth has accelerated.
"It's a relatively straightforward but there are people who are good at the technical side of brewing but haven't got the organisational side right. You have to be strong at both."
Q&A: Real ale? Craft beer? Confused?
The Campaign for Real Ale (Camra) included 14 new Welsh breweries in its annual beer guide last year.
This is set against a background of a pub closures, which is running at a net loss of about 10 a month in Wales.
Spokesman Neil Walker said the boom in people setting up their own micro breweries or finding work in the industry "can only be good news for the future of beer and pubs".At Turf Moor on Saturday, Burnley and West Brom played out a game in which the ball was in play for only 160 seconds more than it was out.
Though these are early days, no Premier League match so far this season has seen less action.
Two months ago, football's lawmakers revealed they were considering scrapping 45-minute halves, instead introducing two periods of 30 minutes, during which the clock would be stopped every