Jarvis, 29, has won 17 caps for Wales and last played in the Six Nations win over Italy in March 2016.
James, who will miss the first match of the three-Test series against the world champions in Auckland, has not recovered as quickly as hoped, but remains with the squad.
Wales have lost 26 matches against the All Blacks since beating them in 1953.
James is also likely to miss the game against the Chiefs in Hamilton on Tuesday, 14 June.
Jarvis, who is joining French Top 14 side Clermont Auvergne from Ospreys, will arrive on Wednesday morning in New Zealand.
The Exeter-born player graduated to professional rugby via the Bath academy, and played for England Under-16s and U19s.
But he successfully pursued Wales honours via Ospreys, having been eligible because of his Merthyr Tydfil-born grandmother.
He has started six Wales games, coming off the bench for the remainder of his caps.Media playback is not supported on this device
The 25-year-old Englishwoman finished nine seconds ahead of Australia's Ashleigh Gentle, with Wales' Helen Jenkins seven seconds adrift in third.
Stimpson and Jenkins, 31, will vie for Britain's third Olympic place at next month's World Series event on Australia's Gold Coast.
Non Stanford and Vicky Holland have already secured their places in Rio.
Both missed the race in Abu Dhabi, as did world champion Gwen Jorgensen.
Stimpson said: "I am extremely motivated to make one of the Olympic spots and my winter couldn't have gone any better.
"Me and Helen are great rivals. She is a fantastic athlete and I've got a lot of respect for her. We couldn't have made it harder for the selectors."
Stimpson, who won the first gold medal at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow in 2014, clawed her way back after a modest 1500m swim to join two-time world champion Jenkins in the leading group for the 40km bike section.
The two Britons led from the front as the challengers were gradually whittled down, before Stimpson used her greater power to pull away in the final kilometre of the 10km run.
Jenkins, who has had a catalogue of injuries in the past two years, said: "Everything is moving in the right direction for our selection race at the Gold Coast.
"It is just a pity Britain could not get four Olympic spots. We will just have to fight it out and do our best."
Britain's selectors have chosen the Gold Coast race as the decider because it most resembles the Olympic course in Rio.
In the men's race, Mario Mola made it back-to-back World Series victories after winning last year's final race in Chicago in September.
Adam Bowden, in 11th, was the highest-placed Briton.
Brothers Alistair and Jonny Brownlee have already qualified for this summer's Olympics and will not compete until later this season.
Britain's selectors will decide who will get the third spot by the Yokohama race on 14 May - the fourth event of the year.
The second of the nine World Series events takes place at the Gold Coast on 9-10 April.Selby was ringside in Brooklyn to see Frampton beat champion Leo Santa Cruz on points to win the title.
Frampton wants to defend the title in his home city of Belfast and did not rule out a rematch, although he also has Selby in his sights.
"He's mentioned me a few times, sounds like he wants the fight," Selby said.
"I want the fight and it shouldn't be too difficult to make."
Selby said any possible meeting could be held in Belfast or Cardiff's Principality Stadium.
Barry-born Selby insisted before the fight there was no chance of him meeting British rival Josh Warrington, who beat Patrick Hyland to retain his WBC International featherweight title.
Selby accused Warrington of 'running scared,' after talks fell through over arranging a summer contest at Leeds' Elland Road.
Frampton inflicted the first defeat of 27-year-old Mexican Santa Cruz's career to become the first Northern Ireland fighter to win a world title in two weight divisions.
It was Frampton's first pro bout at featherweight, having moved up a division after unifying the IBF and WBA super-bantamweight titles by beating England's Scott Quigg in Manchester in February.
Selby said he was not surprised by Frampton's majority verdict over Santa Cruz, who has held world titles at three weights.
"I thought it was a brilliant fight and very competitive from the first bell to the last," Selby added.
"Carl Frampton boxed excellent and