Please click on this page for the latest listings.
Fixtures and start times are subject to change. The BBC is not responsible for any changes that may be made.It said it had introduced the technology to help people get better results when they search.
Often, it said in a blogpost, the best answers to a query were found in an app rather than a web page.
Initially nine apps have been selected to work with the streaming system as it is tested.
Jennifer Lin, Google engineering manager, said the firm started indexing information found in apps two years ago to bolster its larger corpus of search data.
About 40% of searches done via Google now turn up content found in apps such as Facebook, Instagram, Airbnb or Pinterest, she said.
Until now, Google has only answered queries with information that is available both on the web and in apps. Now, however, it is starting to show results that are only found in apps.
One example of when these results would show up might be when someone is looking for hotels during a spur-of-the-moment trip to an unfamiliar city, wrote Ms Lin in the blog.
Google said it was using an in-house developed streaming system to give people access to results in apps they do not have installed on their Android handsets.
This lets people try the app and use it as if it were installed, said Ms Lin. An experimental cloud-based virtualisation technology Google has developed underpins the streaming system.
Apps from HotelTonight, Useful Knots, Daily Horoscope and Gormey are among the first to be available via streaming.
Danny Sullivan, founding editor of the Search Engine Land news site, said the streaming system made visible a lot of information that was hard to get at easily.
"It's a bad experience to show links to an app that no-one can view unless they install an app," he said.
Plus, he added, it could mean data found in apps was now more widely available and could be put to other uses.
"Potentially, the new system could even cause some apps that might seem to lack linkable content, such as games, to consider app-only links," he wrote.
Streamed versions of apps are available via Google's own app and on its Chrome browser. Users must also be on a fast wi-fi connection and be using a handset running Android Lollipop or a more recent version. Lollipop was released in November 2014.
The test of the app streaming and search responses is currently only taking place in the US. Google has not said when, or if, it will be expanded to other parts of the world.The freighter sank after the collision on Wednesday night, about 11km (7 miles) off the Indonesian island Batam, Singapore officials said.
It was carrying 560 tonnes of fuel but there are no reports of an oil spill.
The Singapore Strait is one of the busiest shipping lanes in the world, although major accidents are rare.
Officials said the tanker Stolt Commitment, registered in the Cayman Islands, collided with freighter Thorco Cloud, which had the Antigua and Barbuda flag, around 20:00 local time (1200 GMT). The tanker had only minor damage.
The missing are among the freighter's crew of 12 men. The rest were rescued and are currently being treated in a Singapore hospital.
Anti-pollution craft have been put on standby in case of an oil spill, said Singapore's marine and port authority.22 November 2015 Last updated at 14:58 GMT
Yusf Pirot said he wanted to show people that "not all Muslims are terrorists".
Another video of a blindfolded Muslim man asking for hugs in the aftermath of the Paris attacks has also gone viral.Mr Gargan, 48, was found guilty of eight charges of misconduct but has been allowed to return to work.
The Avon and Somerset branch of the federation said it "cannot envisage" how the public or police can have "confidence in his leadership".
Mr Gargan said he understood people had questions and said he would address these.
In a statement issued through the Chief Police Officers Staff Association, he said he was "very much looking forward to returning to work" and "beginning the process of rebuilding confidence in the force".
The comments about his return to work were made in an open letter to Avon and Somerset Police and Crime Commissioner Sue Mountstevens.
Mr Gargan was suspended following allegations of data protection breaches and inappropriate behaviour with women.
A panel found him guilty of misconduct - but cleared him of gross misconduct. His suspension was lifted and a phased return to work prepared.
Mr Gargan said his actions had "fallen below the standards expected of a chief constable".
In the letter seen by the BBC, the Police Federation said the chief constable