American Chris Zablocki again finished second, while James Faudemer was the first Jersey runner home in a new personal best of 2:39.15.
Nollaigh O'Neill, who led from early on, dominated the women's race.
"I'm so happy, but the time was slow," said the 44-year-old Irish runner.
"I was flying up until about mile 20 or 21 and my quads started to seize and tighten up, so I just had to pull back and run strong and smart."
O'Neill made it over the line at the Weighbridge just outside the three hour mark (3:01.48) and more than 10 minutes clear of second-placed Ffion Davies.
More than 400 runners took on the full 26-mile course, with hundreds more in the 3K fun run and relay events.
While Troshkin stole the headlines in the men's race, Faudemer's run smashing quarter of an hour off his personal best was amongst the local highlights.
"I'm just so happy," Faudemer told BBC Radio Jersey.
"Long distance running is picking up in Jersey - I knew I had it in me with the sessions I've done in the build up.
"The support was amazing throughout the whole course, friends and family, it was awesome and made a big difference."
SportsHub Men, featuring Jersey's top triathlete Dan Halksworth, took the relay title while SportsHub Women were the first female team home.
Peter Holmes won the 3K race, narrowly ahead of Jack Kennedy.The alleged attack happened at the Glenbourne unit, part of the Derriford Hospital site in Plymouth.
Bester Mashayamombe, 50, from Plymouth, who is also accused of sexual assault by touching, is due to appear before Plymouth magistrates on 7 October.
Plymouth Community Healthcare, which runs the unit, said it was "actively contributing" to the investigation.
The unit cares for up to 46 patients with serious mental health disorders.
It has previously been criticised for standards of care but in its latest inspection report in September 2013, the Care Quality Commission found the unit was doing well."Ma Kali", as she is popularly known, is the Hindu goddess of destruction.
Since it was uploaded a day ago, the Instagram post has received more than 11,000 comments, most of them abusive and by Indians.
Many called for her to take down the picture. Perry has not responded to the comments and has left the image as is.
The image she has used is commonly found on calendars and posters in India.
Although some of her fans have tried jumping to her defence, they are far outnumbered by angry and emotional Indians.
Indians tweet 'Who is Maria Sharapova?'
Amazon sorry over India flag fiasco
Perry is not the first international celebrity to offend Indian sensibilities online.
Tennis star Maria Sharapova was mercilessly trolled for not knowing who cricketer Sachin Tendulkar was and Hollywood actor Richard Gere had a police case registered against him for kissing actress Shilpa Shetty on the cheek.
More recently, online retail giant Amazon got into trouble for retailing doormats with the Indian flag emblazoned on them. The company was forced to apologise after India's foreign minister threatened action.The 29-year-old has featured in 53 U's games since joining in 2015, 18 of which have come this season.
"He came and requested the opportunity to leave for personal reasons," said director of football Tony Humes.
"We have been working with him over the past few weeks to resolve the situation in the best way possible."Peers backed a government bill paving the way for gay couples to marry. It is set to become law by the end of the week, with the first weddings in 2014.
Labour's Lord Alli said its passage meant "my life and many others will be better today than it was yesterday".
But Tory peer Lord Framlingham said the "ill-thought through" change had been "bulldozed" through Parliament.
Peers approved the principle of same-sex marriage last month, despite efforts by opponents to "wreck" the legislation.
MPs had earlier done the same, in the face of opposition from many Conservatives, the Church of England and other faith groups.
Supporters of the Marriage (Same Sex Couples) Bill wore pink carnations during Monday's proceedings in the Lords, during which a series of minor amendments - including one relating to pension benefits for same-sex couples - were proposed.
Government minister Lady Stowell said the bill "puts right something which is wrong" and had been improved by detailed scrutiny in the Upper House. "I can't claim to be a gay rights campaigner, but I am a firm