A case of Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome is reported. At 2 months of age the infant was hospitalized because of petechiae, and a low platelet count was noted (range 30.000/90.000/mmc). During his stay in the Hospital he developed pneumonia, which lasted several weeks in spite of therapy. Subsequently he presented eczema and a defect of cell-mediated immunity, and the Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome was diagnosed. A short review of clinical and functional findings in this syndrome is reported.Histomorphogenetic considerations. Seventy three consecutive cases of parotid adenolymphoma were studied. Clinical data (age, sex, site, diagnostic hypothesis, type of surgery), macroscopy (examination of all nodules associated with adenolymphoma and related topography), microscopy (morphological analysis by means of conventional stainings, histochemistry, immunohistochemistry, semiquantitative and morphometric evaluations), with special regard to the lymphoid stroma, were correlated in order to investigate histo-morphogenetic aspects. In 44 cases, lymph nodes were detected (156:83 intraparotid and 73 periparotid). In 18 cases the adenolymphoma resulted multifocal. In 14 of them multifocality was due to the presence of only microscopic (clinically unsuspected) additional adenomas in intraparotid lymph nodes (20 microadenolymphomas). A further microadenolymphoma with 6 associated lymph nodes was occasional finding in a case of sialadenitis. Inclusions of salivary epithelium were observed in 46 intraparotid lymph nodes, were metaplastic (different types of metaplasia) in 23 of them, and were associated with 16 microadenolymphomas. Inclusions and microadenomas were both absent in periparotid lymph nodes. This study strongly supports the intralymphonodal histogenesis of the adenolymphoma and emphasizes the role of the ductal metaplastic changes of the salivary inclusions in the development of the adenomatous proliferation. A model of morphogenetic evolution (with related diagnostic problems) from intralymphonodal inclusions to microadenolymphoma and successively to clinical tumour (macroadenolymphoma) is proposed on the basis of the sequential rearrangement of the various morphological and morphofunctional observations. With special reference to the characteristics of the lymphoid stroma, a minor role of specific immunological mechanisms in the etiopathogenesis of the adenolymphoma is suggested.A patient with a failed implant-supported prosthesis was treated with an immediate interim overdenture. After insertion of a bar modified from the prosthesis substructure, the patient was restored with an implant-supported overdenture. A bar soft liner retention system was used to aid retention and stability of the overdenture.A case of peritoneal calcification in a 44-year-old female treated with peritoneal dialysis for 13 years is reported. The patient, who had secondary hyperparathyroidism and had suffered repeated episodes of catheter-related peritonitis, presented with intraperitoneal bleeding and underwent laparotomy and excision of some of the calcified peritoneal plaques. She remains well on peritoneal dialysis 1 year later with occasional mild intraperitoneal bleeding and reduced peritoneal filtration.Economic and social risk factors for both postneonatal and exogenous mortality are evaluated for Cuban children for 1982. A national sample of children who died before their first year of age (cases) and a sample of survivors (controls) was selected for the study. A logistic regression approach was used to estimate relative and attributable risks. Probability of dying when specific factors are present was computed. Results point to the lack of sanitary installations within the house and overcrowding (three or more persons per room) as the most relevant risk factors for both postneonatal and exogenous mortality. It was also confirmed that the postneonatal component is an area deserving of attention the quest for in further reduction in infant mortality in Cuba.Development of anti-sporozoite vaccines based on CS (circumsporozoite) proteins has preceded a thorough understanding of the basic biology of sporozoite-hepatic cell interactions. Investigation of these interactions can only serve to further refine the existing sporozoite vaccines, as well as provide a rationale for the design of other vaccine candidates.The effect of dietary-induced niacin deficiency on intestinal absorption of fat and nitrogen was studied in 18 rats through the metabolic balance technique. When compared with de control group (n = 9) the niacin deficient rats (n = 9) showed higher fecal fat and nitrogen output. The