The study of post-surgical relapses, by ultrasound and phlebographic examinations, shows that the difficulties in the treatment of varices of the external saphena territory are of two types: anatomical and haemodynamic. The venous endoscopy answers precisely to the requirements of the surgical treatment of varices of the popliteal space. It offers an acceptable compromise between aesthetics and efficacy, thanks to the incisions centred on the transcutaneous luminal point. It enables a per-operative control of the ultrasound-Doppler marking and the visualization of the small calibre perforating veins (less than 2 mm), not visible by ultrasound. It especially locates the deep non palpable refluxes situated above the anastomosis of the external saphenofemoral junction. The technique used is very simple thanks to the miniaturization of the equipment and the use of flexible small calibre endoscopes adapted to venous explorations.Only a small proportion of pregnancy failures could be explained by simple genetic or clear--cut environmental/occupational factors. Adverse reproductive outcomes (spontaneous abortion, preterm delivery, low birth weight and congenital malformations), have been reported in a certain number of retrospective studies which were designed to examine the possible role of occupation and working or living conditions and pregnancy outcome. Future prospective projects should assess the (non)existence of the relationship between radiological risks and job stress with pregnancy outcome. Future prospective projects should assess the (non)existence of the relationship between radiological risks and job stress with pregnancy outcome among female video terminal operators.The authors present a clinical case of adhesive prosthesis on posterior teeth, where it is proposed an alternative technique based upon the retentive principles of removable parcial prosthesis, diminishing the elimination of enamel.15 cases of human malignant melanoma were studied and classified into 5 superficial speading (SSM), 5 nodular melanomas (NM), and 5 melanoma metastasis (Met). The tissue was fixed with formaldehyde and cetylpyridium chloride (CPC). Glycosaminoglycans (GAG) or proteoglycans respectively were characterized by Alcian blue staining following the method of critical electrolyte concentration (CEC) (Scott, Dorling 1965) and by testes hyaluronidase. The staining intensities were quantified by a Leitz MPV photometer microscope in basement membranes (BM) and tumor septa. Tumor septa, which may be looked on as correlates of epithelial BM material, show increased straining intensities as compared to the normal BM (nBM) around the tumor. It is concluded from the sensitivity to testes hyaluronidase and the straining pattern that these are caused by increased straining of GAG of the type of chondroitin sulfates and possibly of dermatan sulfate while unsulfated GAG are rather decreased. The GAG pattern in BM in SSM shows characteristics of tumor septa and of nBM as well. The staining of the tumors shows higher intensities than that of all structures in the normal skin. It is concluded that increasing malignancy is accompanied by increasing changes in GAG which can be quantified by the method used topohistochemically discerning the healthy tissue from malignant structures.We have evaluated the in vitro biological activities of antibodies directed against sporozoites and compared them with their capacity to protect against challenge with both human and rodent malaria. The anti-Plasmodium falciparum antibodies evaluated with the test included monoclonal antibodies (MAbs) NFS1 and NFS2 as well as polyclonal antibodies contained in human hyperimmune sera directed against sporozoites of P. falciparum. The inhibitory effect of these antibodies was dependent on their concentration. However, total inhibition was not observed except occasionally with highly concentrated MAbs (10-100 micrograms/ml). Strong but also incomplete inhibition was observed with sera from humans living in hyperendemic areas. In the P. yoelii rodent system, we tested sera from mice immunized with subunit vaccines. None of these mice were protected in vivo against challenge with 40-200 sporozoites. In vitro only a sub-total inhibition was achieved (maximum 91% at 1:10 serum dilution). In contrast, we tested sera from mice that received NYS1, an IgG3 MAb, in passive transfer and were protected against challenge with 5000 sporozoites. At 1:10 dilution, 100% inhibition was achieved in vitro while IFA titres from these mice were similar to those of vaccinated mice. These data show a close correlation between in vivo and in vitro findings and thus suggest that the inhibition of liver-stage development assay (ILSDA) appears appropriate to evaluate the potential of antibodies