In the international, but more so in the latin-american, medical literature infarction of the spinal cord has been rarely described except in relationship with surgery of the abdominal aorta. The objective of this report is to describe the diagnostic approach including clinical, electrophysiological, imaging and cerebrospinal fluid criteria. With these methods 17 cases were diagnosed between 1982 and 1989, one related to surgery of the abdominal aorta. This series suggests that infarction of the spinal cord is a more common clinical entity than presently considered. Its rarity may be due to a high diagnostic threshold related to the perception that there is no specific therapy.Magnetoencephalography has developed during the past twenty years with a different overall emphasis than found in electroencephalography. These differences are explored in selected applications. One dominant feature of magnetic studies is a quantitative approach to characterize the strength of neuronal activity, as well as its position within the brain. There is evidence from recent analyses of current source-density measurements in animal models that the deduced peak neuronal strength can also be interpreted in terms of the spatial extent of activity across cortex.We describe a simple approach for molecular characterization and locus assignment of structural mutants by direct sequencing of enzymatically amplified DNA selective to alpha 1 and alpha 2 globin gene regions. Nucleotide substitution of two structural variants (Stanleyville II alpha 2(78Lys) and J Mexico alpha 2(54Glu) were determined and their encoding loci were specified. The amplified segment encompasses sequences upstream of the CAAT box to downstream of the Poly(A) addition signal. Hence all of the alpha globin structural variants and most of the nondeletion alpha thalassaemic mutants should be characterizable by this approach.Efficiency of different fixation methods of open fractures and dislocations of hand tubular bones on the basis of treatment experience of 206 patients has been investigated in clinical conditions. Immobilization with a plaster bandage, osteosynthesis and transarticulation fixation by wires, osteosynthesis by external fixation apparatus were used. An analysis of long-term results of treatment of 128 patients demonstrated that fixation of damaged bones and joints by the external fixation apparatus is the most effective one.Symptoms of confusion were examined in 75 patients with Alzheimer's disease (AD). Mild confusion was found in 20, and mode-rate/severe confusion in 8 patients. Confusion was more frequent in the late-onset (26/44-59%) than in the early-onset AD group (2/31-6%) (p less than 0.0001), and patients with confusion were older (p less than 0.0001) than those without confusion. The frequency of confusion was higher in patients with ischemic heart disease (13/28-46%) than in patients without this vascular factor (10/47-21%) (p less than 0.05). An inverse relation was found between confusional symptomatology and parietal-lobe symptoms. The findings in this study suggest that a subgroup of AD patients, fulfilling the NINCDS-ADRDA criteria for probable AD, is characterized by a clinical picture of mild confusional symptomatology together with no or mild parietal-lobe symptomatology, higher age and higher frequency of ischemic heart disease. This group contrasts with the other subgroup of pure AD, which is characterized by a clinical picture of marked parietal-lobe symptomatology, almost no confusional symptomatology, lower age and lower frequency of ischemic heart disease.In an attempt to induce a protective cytotoxic T-cell mediated immunity against sporozoites of Plasmodium yoelii, the gene encoding the P. yoelii circumsporozoite (CS) protein was engineered into three live vectors: vaccinia, attenuated pseudorabies, and attenuated Salmonella typhimurium. Balb/c mice were immunized with 1-4 doses of 10(8) pfu of the vaccinia construct (IP), 3 doses of 10(5), 10(6) or 10(7) pfu of pseudorabies construct (IV), and 3 doses of 10(9) salmonella transformants (orally). In the case of vaccinia and pseudorabies constructs, an excellent immune response was obtained as measured by antibodies to sporozoites. No protection or delay in prepatent period was seen in any of the experimental animals when challenged with 200 (vaccinia, pseudorabies) or 100 (salmonella) sporozoites, although mice immunized with irradiation-attenuated sporozoites were consistently protected against challenge with greater than 10(4) sporozoites. Since other vaccinia, pseudorabies, and salmonella CS constructs have been shown to induce cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTL