We have observed the ascending projections from the lower brain stem to the magnocellular vasopressin-like immunoreactive (VP-LI) neurosecretory neurons in the paraventricular nucleus (PVN) using electron microscopy. The tissues were prepared by a double labeling technique combining anterograde tracing after iontophoretic injection of wheat germ agglutinin-coupled horseradish peroxidase (WGA-HRP) in the A1 group (lateral reticular nucleus in the medulla oblongata) with VP immunocytochemistry. Both the WGA-HRP-labeled and the unlabeled axon terminals made synaptic contacts with VP-LI cell bodies and processes in the PVN. This indicates a direct synaptic influence of medullary A1 group on the secretory activity of the VP-containing neurons in the hypothalamic paraventricular nucleus.Methods are reviewed for the culture of the exoerythrocytic stages of Plasmodium berghei wherein development reproducibly reflects growth observed in vivo in laboratory rodents. The combination of these methods with the culture of both asexual and sexual blood stages has allowed the completion of the entire vertebrate phase of malaria development in vitro. The development of new methods for high-density exoerythrocytic-stage culture combined with robust statistical analysis of parasite growth by morphological (light microscopy), or DNA probe methods now allows the critical and precise evaluation of chemotherapeutic or immunological treatments. These methods are illustrated by data obtained on pyrimethamine, primaquine and a hydroxynaphthoquinone. Some of the new avenues of research made feasible by the high-density cultures, e.g., direct immunization to produce monoclonal antibodies and biochemical studies are discussed.A 35-year-old female with pyoderma gangrenosum developed paraparesis with a sensory level at L1. Three months later she complained of diplopia and was found to have bilateral internuclear ophthalmoplegia with exotropia and no ocular convergence. The term Webino syndrome has been coined to design this set of neuro-ophthalmologic findings. Although it was initially attributed to lesions affecting the medial longitudinal fasciculus and the medial rectus subnuclei of the oculomotor complex in the midbrain the exact location of the lesion is still disputed. In the present case both myelopathy and Webino syndrome were probably due to vascular occlusive disease resulting from central nervous system vasculitis occurring in concomitance to pyoderma gangrenosum.In the period from April 1987 to April 1990, 230 patients with pathological changes of the vulva, vagina and cervix uteri were treated with the CO2-laser. The diagnosis and pretreatment stages of the diseases were confirmed by the cytodiagnostic, colposcopic and histopathological results of the biophysics. In most cases, DNA-hybridization of human papilloma viruses confirmed their virus etiology. Twenty patients had peak condyloma of the vulva and vagina, 34 had benign cervical diseases, 65 were at the premalignant and 111 in the first stages of malignant cervical disease. Vaporizations, conical or cylindrical excisions were performed depending on the nature of disease and its localisation. The average age of operated patients was 30.6 years and the average parity 0.69. Operations were performed using analgesia and in rare cases total anesthesia. After the excision treatment, the tissue was checked histo-pathologically according to the principle of series. The complications were very rare. After operation, postoperative control was performed after 3.9 and 15 months, and later once a year. The results have shown that one treatment was sufficient in 80% of patients for curing vulvar and vaginal disease and 20% patients needed repeat because of the condyloma that relapsed. After the first treatment, benign and premalignant cervical diseases were cured in 100% of cases. In 95.4% operated patients at the first stages of cervical malignant diseases, the excisional treatment was final and in 4.6% needed an additional radical therapy because of a higher stage of lesion found by the conular histo-pathological analysis. There were no relapses relating to the cervix.We studied chlorophenol degradation under sulfate-reducing conditions with an estuarine sediment inoculum. These cultures degraded 0.1 mM 2-, 3-, and 4-chlorophenol and 2,4-dichlorophenol within 120 to 220 days, but after refeeding with chlorophenols degradation took place in 40 days or less. Further refeeding greatly enhanced the rate of degradation. Sulfate consumption by the cultures