A multiple-baseline across subjects design was used to evaluate the effects of operant self-control procedure on altering speed/impatient behaviors of the Type A behavior pattern (TABP). The operant-self-control procedure consisted of self-monitoring, self-evaluation, and self-reinforcement. The results demonstrated empirically significant decreases in S/I behaviors of the TABP following transfer to the self-reinforcement condition. Significant reductions in the Jenkins Activity Survey and physical symptoms scores additionally evidenced the effects of the operant self-control procedure. The possibility of pathogenic factors of the TABP varying with culture, and the advantages of the operant self-control procedure are discussed.Certain difficulties exist that make it hard to construct a complete set of dentures for the Class III edentulous patient. With the advent of osseointegrated implants, many of these difficulties can be overcome and patients can now look forward to stable and retentive prostheses that do not have to be removed. By careful assessment of the patient and meticulous attention to detail during the surgical and prosthodontic phases of treatment, predictable long-term results can be achieved.The aim of the present prospective epidemiological study was to find the genesis of varicosis in pupils of the same age group in 11 secondary schools of the town of Bochum. The studies were always carried out in the same pupils of the 5th, 9th and 13th grades (Bochum studies I, II, III). The results of the first and second studies on 518 pupils are compared. In the children aged between 10 and 12 years of Bochum study I, isolated refluxes were found at the saphenofemoral junction (internal saphenous vein 2.9%, external saphenous vein 0.2%), but no varicose vein was yet visible at the trunk level or that of the lateral branches. In the adolescents aged between 14 and 16 years of Bochum study II, the number of refluxes of the internal and external saphenous vein had greatly increased, and isolated varicose veins were found at the trunk level or that of the lateral branches, as well as insufficient perforating veins. The varicose veins visible at the trunk level are obviously preceded by the refluxes. For the first time, an easily detectable preclinical sign offering new perspectives for a primary prophylaxis in thus available. Discrete reticular varicose veins were already found in Bochum study I (10.2%). A photoplethysmographic discrimination between the normal results and the various forms of a starting varicosis revealed in the course of Bochum study II has not been possible. Up to now, no statistical proof of a family taint has been established.Scalp potentials generated by a concentrated electric source in the brain are very similar to potentials generated by an electric dipole at the source position. In this sense a concentrated source in the brain is modelled as an electric dipole. When the source is diffuse such a dipole which best approximates the scalp potential is called an optimal dipole. Its position is calculated by the Dipole Tracing Method based on a realistic head model with homogeneous electric conductivity. There are 2 major difficulties inherent in this method: (1) The low electric conductivity of the skull causes systematic shifts of the optimal dipole positions from the true positions of concentrated sources; (2) the optimal dipoles cannot specify diffuse source positions. The first difficulty is overcome by using the numerical correction obtained by comparing the known dipole positions generated within a human head with their optimal ones. The second difficulty is removed to a certain extent by comparing the optimal dipole positions obtained with the 1-dipole and 2-dipole models together with their dipolarity. We have obtained criteria for the validity of the dipole approximation and source concentration.Two recombinant DNA probes-PLIpso1 (15kb) and PLIEc34 (4kb), derived from Leptospira serovaricterohaemorrhagiae genomic libraries, were applied for the hybridization and identification of 13 strains of Leptospira in serogroup icterohaemorrhagiae. Difference in hybridization signal in combination with the banding pattern provide a good way for identification of serovars and strains. The recombinant DNA, specific to L. serogroup icterohaemorrhagiae, hybridized with a limited number of DNA fragments which had been digested by several restriction endonucleases. The less complex banding pattern and higher sensitivity facilitate characterization of various serovars and strains in serogroup icterohaemorrhagiae. In general the DNA patterns recognized by both probes have extensive genomic homology in same serovar (but still can