Sophisticated spectral analysis and mapping of the EEG with computer techniques provides objective and reliable diagnostic information, which is superior to that obtained by naked-eye observation, even by experienced clinicians. In our department, a topographic system was introduced as one of major adjuncts to EEG examination in 1980, and we devised our own software (dynamic topography, compound dynamic topography, deviation ratio topography) to facilitate its clinical application. Topographic mapping is applied to assessment of the dominant hemisphere, evaluation after medical and surgical treatment, spatial localization of epileptic foci, and intraoperative monitoring for cerebral hypoperfusion. Besides these surgical applications, topographic analysis has contributed to human neurophysiology, for instance in determining the participation of the dentatethalamic tract in movement-related cortical potentials. Our experience of the neurosurgical and neurophysiological applications of topographic mapping will be presented.To estimate physiological changes due to added fat in bovine diet, whole cottonseed (19% lipids) was furnished to half-breed zebu cattle during 7 months. Thirty animals had increased its dietary lipidic charge in 2.6% (lot S), thirty were used as controls (lot C) and other two bovines were hyper-dosed with 7.9% added fat (lot H). Weight, clinical signs and plasmatic values of total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), lipoproteins (LP) and other biochemical parameters were monthly controlled. At the end of the assay the steers were sacrificed and the quality of meat and fat was evaluated. The initial levels of TC were statistically homogeneous in all groups (mean = 1.0 g/l); they remained without modifications in C (1.53 g/l), but they had increased progressively in supplemented animals. At the end of the work TC was greater in H (3.95 g/l) than in S (2.44 g/l). Latest TG (initial mean = 0.30 g/l) also were greater in H (0.74 g/l) than in S (0.71 g/l). The lipoproteinogram stayed inalterable in C, meanwhile alpha LP were increased and beta LP were decreased in animals on which the dietary lipidic charge had been increased. The weight's gain/animal/day (X) was 130 g (C), 290 g (S) and 88 g (H). The general physiological condition was deteriorated in the last lot. After comparing lots C and S, results indicated that beefsteaks in the last group were heavier (2.45 vs. 2.33 kg), with more lipids (0.47 vs. 0.36 kg) and major fat veined proportion (1.40 vs. 1.25%). The stored lipids showed high saturation degree in S, with increment in the mean percentage of stearic acid (28.6%).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)The relationship between migraineous headaches and the use of low-dose oral contraceptives, the monophasic Rigevidon and the biphasic Anteovin, has been examined. In the examined cases Anteovin of higher oestrogen content provoked more vascular cephalalgias than Rigevidon with it's lower oestrogen content. In one part of the cases both pills even had therapeutic effects. According to the opinion of the author classical migraine means a relative contra-indication of hormonal contraception and is a serious adverse effect requiring the discontinuance of oral contraception. The headaches develop during the adaptational period of oral contraception and the migraineous attacks occur in the premenstrual period or at the beginning of menstruation which refer to an oestrogen withdrawal character. It may be supposed that vasoconstriction of certain extent, which has existed during the use of the pills, changes over to relative vasodilatation in this period and the extent of the changes is dependent on the oestreogen content of the tablets.Sleep-EEG of two subjects affected by Progressive Supranuclear Palsy was studied. Morphological, reduced and poorly organized sleep transients (spindles) in stage 2 and decreased REMs during desynchronized sleep were observed. The quantitative sleep analysis showed a poor and fragmented sleep with an increase of stage 1 and stage 3 and a decrease of stage 2 and REM sleep.Asymptomatic episodes of grossly bloody effluent during continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD) can be treated by following a simple therapeutic maneuver. The patient performs one to three rapid exchanges using unwarmed (room temperature), 1.5% dextrose-containing dialysate. No dwell time is employed. This treatment proves successful in a variety of clinical settings, and no adverse effects have been noted. Infusion of un