In this clinical investigation, a biodegradable collagen material was used in membrane and paste form to assess its suitability for use in guided tissue regeneration after surgery. A variety of healing responses in only the soft tissues were noted, ranging from gross necrosis to enhanced healing. The problems and limitations of regeneration procedures are discussed to explain the reasons for the observed healing of the tissues.Prostaglandin E2 is effective for induction of labor but many preparations exist using a variety of vehicles from which the active ingredient may not be equally available. Plasma concentrations of bicyclic PGE2 metabolite (PGEM) and 13, 14-dihydro, 15-keto PGF2 alpha (PGFM) were measured following administration of a 3mg PGE2 vaginal tablet or 1mg PGE2 vaginal gel to twenty-four parous women with favorable induction features, randomly allocated to receive one or other preparation. PGEM increased rapidly following both administration of the 3mg PGE2 vaginal tablet and the 1mg PGE2 vaginal gel, reaching a peak within 40 minutes of PGE2 administration. The maximal rise in PGEM in the gel group correlated directly with the change in cervical score and inversely with the need for augmentation with oxytocin and the induction-delivery interval. A secondary rise in PGFM was noted in both groups 3-4 hours following PGE2 administration. The magnitude of the increase in PGE2 may be important in the clinical response to PGE2 administration, while PGE2 absorption may switch-on endogenous PGF2 alpha production, similar to what is seen in spontaneous labor.This study examines, from photographic records, the prevalence of accidental damage to maxillary incisor teeth in a group of 968 11/12-year-old South Wales school-children; 15.3% showed evidence of trauma ranging from enamel fractures or discolouration to actual loss of a tooth. Boys (19.4%) showed a higher prevalence of trauma than girls (11%). Maxillary central incisors were the most at risk from trauma, with coronal fractures being the most commonly sustained injury. Those subjects who showed evidence of trauma had an statistically (p less than 0.001) but not clinically significantly greater overjet than did those who had none. The percentage of subjects suffering trauma increased significantly with increasing overjet, but lip incompetence did not affect the prevalence of accidental damage. Though statistically unsupported due to the small numbers involved in this cohort, it appeared that the rougher nature of boys activities and their more active participation in sports were of greater importance than the magnitude of their overjet in determining whether their teeth were at risk from trauma. In contrast, it was the magnitude of the overjet which was the dominant factor in girls. Despite the wide availability of relatively simple means of restoration and, in the majority of cases, regular dental examinations, only 14.8% of traumatised teeth had received treatment at this age.According to the principle of linear character of each 10% FVC segment on the FVC-t curve proposed by Jordanoglou, the slope of each segment is nearly equal to 0.1 FVC/2 MMTp. Then MTTp approximately 0.1 FVC/2Vp. The calculations of MTTp at high, middle and low lung volumes are MTT20-30% = 0.1 FVC/2V75, MTT45-55% = 0.1 FVC/2V50, and MTT70-80% = 0.1 FVC/2 V25. The MTTp of 628 cases of normal children and adolescents aged 6-19 yr. was measured by this method. In comparison with the direct method, the results showed that there was no significant difference between the 2 methods. The regression equations built with age as an independent variable showed a good correlation. Obviously, this method is easily performed, and is suitable for the wide use of MTTp.Plasma amino acid concentrations were measured in Maple Syrup Urine Disease (MSUD) infants using reversed phase high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). The technique involved an automated data acquisition system and phenylisothiocyanate (PITC) pre-column derivatization. During a period of three years more than 14 cases of MSUD have been confirmed in our hospital suggesting an alarmingly high rate of incidence of this disease in the Kingdom as compared to the West. We present here a simple and reliable method of quantitating the branched chain and other amino acid concentrations in plasma samples of children with metabolic disorders. In addition, we also present a fluorimetric COBAS based enzymatic method for the rapid semiquantitative measurement of branched chain amino acids for a disease in which a prompt initial diagnosis is essential.Acoustically evoked potentials (AEP