Inbred mouse strain C57BL/6 pre-treated with or without the drug with suspected anticancer activity, DADH (N, N'-Diacetyl-1, 6-Diaminohexane) by daily feeding for five consecutive days to a total dose of 1 mmol of the drug in aqueous solution, were exposed to an acute dose of 1 Gy gamma radiation. Appropriate controls without radiation were maintained both for water and DADH-fed groups of animals. At 18 and 36 h post-irradiation the animals from all four groups (designated as A to D with each group having six animals) were sacrificed and their bone marrows were cultured for chromosomal analysis. Special emphasis was put on the estimation of the frequency of occurrence of extra chromosomal elements, such as minutes, single or double (DMS) as a possible assay for radiation-induced DNA amplification (presumably representing the proliferation specified genes(?) causing initiation of a very early tumourigenesis event). Gamma irradiation alone yielded the highest frequency of such minute chromosomal structures concerned (DMS), which was significantly reduced by DADH pre-treatment. The preliminary cytological data are discussed in the light of current information on DNA amplification pertaining to carcinogenic induction.The purpose of this study was to determine the relationship between the isometric and isokinetic peak torque (PT) (speed of movement 0, 60, and 180 deg/s) and the peak angular impulse (PAI) and average power (AP) of multiple contractions (180 deg/s) of the quadriceps and hamstrings in 29 patients with a chronic, complete deficiency of the medial collateral ligament (MCL) of the knee. At every test speed the Pearson product moment (r) and the Spearman rank (rs) correlation coefficients between the PT and PAI were highly significant for both muscle groups in the uninjured (r =.81-.97, rs =.77-.97) as well as in the MCL deficient (r =.77-.97, rs =.75-.95 knees. The results were the same between the PT and AP (uninjured knee: r =.83-.98, rs =.82-.98; MCL deficient knee: r =.78-.97, rs =.76-.97). In both knees and in both muscle groups the correlation coefficients increased toward the highest speed of the isokinetic movement, obviously because the PAI and AP were registered at that speed. In conclusion, concerning MCL deficient or uninjured knees the PAI or AP analysis may offer little additional information about thigh muscle function to that attained by more simple measurement, the PT analysis.Cryptococcus neoformans was demonstrated in the clinical material of a 15-year-old male dog with a history of chronic otitis externa by employing Helianthus annuus seed agar as a selective medium. The examination of the isolate for sexual compatibility on modified Helianthus annuus seed medium revealed that it belonged to Filobasidiella neoformans var. neoformans 'alpha' mating type. In the authors' view, this appears to be the first report of isolation of Cr. neoformans var. neoformans from diseased ear of a dog.A biopsychosocial model for understanding TMJ dysfunction is presented. The balance between biological, psychological and sociological factors involved in TMJ dysfunction and low back pain is described. If only one of these factors is treated the result may be favourable; however, if the others are neglected, the favourable result may be only temporary.The goal of this paper is to summarize recent epidemiological findings from community studies on mental illness prevalence and incidence among male and female respectively. The author refer mainly to the Epidemiological Catchment Area (ECA) research projects. A review of developments of the American Psychiatric Association classification of mental disorders is presented and implications of the new nosology on the epidemiologic method is offered. The data indicate that males and females vary significantly in prevalence and incidence of psychopathologies assessed in these studies. Results are compared to those collected for the Santé Québec health survey.To detect the functional reversibility and hemodynamic process in cerebral ischemia, the EEG topography cased on % time and amplitude was applied. % time and amplitude were obtained by the wave-form recognition method/EEGs were recorded under the resting state and during drug-induced conditions in 18 patients with steno-occlusion of main cerebral artery. The type of ischemic attack was TIA in 2 patients, RIND in 4, minor stroke in 7 and major stroke in 5. Six of 11 patients showed the improvement of EEG under induced hypertension. Four of those 6 patients were operated on ECIC bypass surgery, and all of them showed the improvement of clinical and EEG findings postoperatively. Twelve patients showed the