The rescue means that nine people have been recovered alive from the Rigopiano hotel in the eastern Abruzzo region.
At least 15 people are still missing after the avalanche that came after several earthquakes and heavy snowfall.
While one more survivor has yet to be rescued, Italian media said other voices may have been heard in the ruins during the night.
Five people have been confirmed dead.
The first five survivors were taken to safety on Friday, some 40 hours after the avalanche hit on Wednesday.
They had reportedly taken refuge beneath a collapsed portion of ceiling, where they were able to light a fire to keep warm for two days.
The rescue has been hampered by deep snow blocking an access road.
There are also concerns that further avalanches could follow, Italian newspaper La Stampa reported.
The first person pulled out on Friday was an eight-year-old boy, the son of a holidaymaker, Giampiero Parete, who had gone to his car when the avalanche struck and first sounded the alarm by calling his boss.
The boy's mother, Adriana, was pulled out next, telling rescue workers her six-year-old daughter was still trapped inside.
The little girl was also later saved and the family was reunited at a hospital in the coastal town of Pescara.
Hospital officials told the Associated Press news agency they had symptoms of hypothermia and dehydration, but were otherwise in good health.
Reports said all four children who survived did so because they were all playing in the same games room, that avoided the worst of the damage.
The latest rescues, of two men and two women, took place at about 03:00 local time (02:00 GMT) on Saturday.
Wednesday's earthquakes included four stronger than magnitude 5, in a region already struggling with heavy snowfall that buried phone lines and took out power cables.
Many of the guests had gathered on the ground floor of the hotel to await evacuation following the earthquakes.
But the avalanche completely buried the hotel at about 17:00 (16:00 GMT) on Wednesday.
The force of the snow partially brought down the roof and, according to some reports, shifted the building 10m (32 feet) off its foundations.
Rescuers, who were forced to ski and shovel their way towards the site of the avalanche, were reportedly only dispatched hours later.
Rescuers are unsure of the exact total of people - guests and staff - who were at the hotel, but say it could be as many as 35.
Italy has seen a wave of damaging earthquakes in recent months. The Apennines region saw three magnitude-6 tremors between August and October.
It is believed that the geological stress is spread across a number of fault lines in Italy's mountain ranges - with recent earthquakes as the result.Contractions in the construction and production industries were balanced out by a growth in services.
UK GDP grew by 0.4% over the same period.
Scottish GDP per person - which takes population changes into account - was also flat during the first quarter of 2016.
During the first three months of the year services in Scotland grew by 0.4%, while production contracted by 1.2% and construction by 1.5%.
On an annual basis, Scotland's economy grew by 0.6%, compared with UK growth of 2%.
The figures were compiled by Scotland's chief statistician.
The GDP figures were released on the same day as official data showed that unemployment in Scotland fell by 18,000 between March and May.
A leading economic forecaster described the two sets of figures as "a mixed bag" for the Scottish economy.
Graeme Roy, director of the Fraser of Allander Institute at the University of Strathclyde, said growth had been "stagnant"  over the first three months of the year.
"While the all-important services sectors grew, there was a sharp fall in production and construction," he said.
"Of greatest concern was the fall in manufacturing, which was down 2.6% over the three months and 5.4% over the year. This was the sharpest fall in annual manufacturing output since the 2008/09 financial crisis.
"On the plus side, revisions to the data paint a rosier picture of growth last year. The Scottish economy is now estimated to have grown in each and every quarter of 2015, with growth of 1.4% in 2015 up from the previous estimate of just +0.9%.
"Despite that, Scotland continued to lag behind the UK as a whole."
Responding to the GDP figures, the Scottish Chambers of Commerce called for "a concerted government response to Scotland's growth problems and swift clarification of the position of EU nationals working in the UK".
Chief executive Liz Cameron said: "Scotland's growth has now been at a fraction of that of the UK as a whole for a full year and there are few signs of a major improvement in sight.
"In the light of the EU referendum result, the Scottish and UK governments must take all steps necessary to support businesses at this time and help them to invest for the future and get our economy back on the path of growth."
The Federation of Small Businesses said the growth figures presented a challenge.
Scottish policy convener Andy Willox said: "These pre-referendum figures demonstrate that the Scottish economy was underperforming before the vote.
"Business surveys and feedback suggest that some investment plans and deals have been put on hold as a consequence of recent economic and political turbulence.
"As Number 10 and Bute House draw up plans to restore business confidence, they must think about community firms as well as the stock market.
"They must shelve proposals that would give business owners headaches and think about local infrastructure as well as large national projects."
In a report released last week, accountancy firm PwC downgraded its growth forecasts for Scotland's economy.
It suggested house prices were set to fall north of the border amid an economic slowdown - but a recession would be avoided.The pool will have a see-through bottom so that people using it can peer down to the ground as they swim.
It will be 35 metres up in the air and will link two blocks of flats near Battersea, in London.
Nicknamed "Sky Pool", it has been described as a world first.
These pictures are artists impressions of what the pool bridge will look like when it's completed in the summer of 2019.King's has been collaborating with Technische Universität Dresden on a research initiative, known as Transcampus, since 2015.
But, according to Times Higher Education, an "offshore King's College Europe" is now on the cards.
King's College confirmed that it was discussing potential further collaborations with TU Dresden.
The two institutions already offer 10 joint professorships and several joint PhD programmes through Transcampus.
However, its dean, Prof Stefan Bornstein, has told Times Higher Education that plans for the new King's campus are already "in the process".
Prof Bornstein, who is director and chairman of TU Dresden's department of medicine and an honorary consultant in diabetes and endocrinology at King's, said the plan would allow King's to have a presence in Europe and maintain access to European research funding post-Brexit.
Likewise, he said, TU Dresden would benefit from increased ties to London, one of the "leading academic centres in the world".
Prof Bornstein said the new campus would hopefully run new undergraduate courses "linked to innovation and the needs of industry and society".
The aim would be to recruit leading scholars from around the world, he added.
Prof Bornstein said the Transcampus project had been envisaged before the EU referendum but admitted that it had become "a lot more interesting" since the vote.
"We cannot allow things that have developed for so many years in a positive way [to be] hampered by political decisions that actually nobody wanted," he said.
"It's a nice way to have a solution to get around this very stupid Brexit idea."
A number of UK universities are believed to be considering opening branch campuses in Europe after Brexit - though earlier this year Oxford University rejected reports that it was in talks to open a Paris campus.
Prof Bornstein said he would expect the Transcampus model to be replicated by other universities in the UK and Europe, but stressed that the key was a long history of collaboration between researchers at the two institutions.
In a statement, King's said the university valued the Transcampus initiative "which demonstrates the success of cross-national and institutional links".
"We will continue to work together in various fields on research and exchange and discuss potential further collaborations."Professor Alexis Jay's report detailed how girls as young as 11 were raped, trafficked, abducted, beaten, and intimidated, predominantly by men of Pakistani-heritage.
It said there had been "blatant" collective failures by the council's leadership, a failure by South Yorkshire Police to prioritise the issue and said senior managers had "underplayed" the scale of the problem.
The report prompted a raft of resignations and further inquiries, one of which led to the council being taken over by government-appointed commissioners.
But, 12 months on, BBC News asked those most closely involved what has changed in Rotherham?
Jessica, not her real name, said she was first abused when she aged just 12.
Since the report was published, she believes there has been "real change" in the way the authorities deal with victims of child sexual exploitation (CSE).
"We're now being listened to, there's more support in place and survivors and their families are now on board and helping agencies shape services," she said.
"We're telling them what we need and what's going to help us move forward."
However, she said more needed to be done and called for "mandatory education" for children on the dangers of grooming and increased funding for police forces.
"I know a lot of people find it difficult to trust the authorities but I do think things are really changing now," she continued.
"I think the way people look at abuse is changing and I think the authorities recognise that it's not the victim's fault, it's not the parents' fault and that the perpetrators are the ones to blame."
In a video message posted on Rotherham Council's website, council leader Chris Read said: "We've begun to make the changes that we need and we are making progress. We've been listening and we are acting.
"Our child sexual exploitation team has been rebuilt and we're working more closely than ever with our partners to deliver the services that people need and deserve.
"We are rebuilding our council so it can't fail so badly ever again."
Ian Thomas was appointed director of children's services at the council in January, following the resignation of Joyce Thacker.
"When you look at where we've come in the last few months it's been a long way, especially when you look at the amount of services in place now for victims and survivors," he said.
"We're supporting around 300 victims and survivors of CSE through investing over half a million pounds.
"But, let me be very, very clear - we still have a long way to go."
Dr Alan Billings was elected as South Yorkshire's Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) in October 2014 following the resignation of Shaun Wright.
Since then he has set up a "Victims, Survivors and Families panel" to allow those affected by CSE in Rotherham to discuss their experiences with officers.
In June, he also appointed Prof John Drew to lead an independent review of South Yorkshire Police's handling of CSE reports.
"I think very few of us understood the nature of grooming, the police ought to have done, but I don't think we did," he said.
"One of the things that has changed is that we do now recognise what grooming is.
"It's not about girls who are out of control, who are disrespectful of authority, who are incorrigible in their behaviour and have to be treated in that way - it's about young people who are victims.
"We understand that now and that's been a huge shift in understanding and that's very important."
Since his appointment 62 additional officers had been put to work in the Public Protection Unit.
Since the report's publication, Ch Supt Jason Harwin said South Yorkshire Police now "understands the needs and support required" by victims.
He said Dr Billings' panel was helping officers understand "what we need to do differently".
"I've got a responsibility to make sure I do everything and my staff do everything to make sure they feel [victims] have got the confidence to come forward and, when they do, they are treated with respect, with dignity and, ultimately, helped to get through the challenge that they face," he said.
Since August 2014, eight men have been charged with more than 100 offences as part of Operation Clover, the force's investigation into CSE in Rotherham.
Mr Harwin said: "The last 12 months have been horrific for Rotherham, particularly for the victims and survivors, and it has sent shockwaves through the community.
"The important thing that has been changing in the past 12 months is that communities know that they have got a key part to play in making sure we identify those responsible and, with the work we've been doing around education and increasing awareness, we're seeing now more information coming forward to police.
"We're committed to doing everything we can to bring these people to justice and we are bringing people to justice."
Report author Prof Jay said: "I hope that my report has contributed to significant awareness-raising, both by the public and professionals and that it should not be dismissed as scarcely a crime but that it is a very, very serious crime and should be treated as such.
"My report did bring child sexual exploitation sharply in to the public domain and I would like to think of that as an achievement, but there are lots of other people who have been working hard to try to get recognition for it. I think that's probably the most important aspect.
"Secondly, I would say the support for known victims and survivors has had more investment put in to it, but I do not think it is there yet in terms of meeting their needs.
"We simply do not know what the volume of demand for this kind of therapeutic