The weakness in the oil and gas market has resulted in £2.56bn turnover between January and June, down from £3.07bn at the start of 2015.
Profits fell even faster. Pre-tax profits on continuing operations were down by 39% to £96m.
However, that does not include exceptional items. Post-tax reported profit was down 68% to £44m.
The company has had one-off costs of cutting back sharply on its overhead costs, shedding a 10th of its workforce in the first half of this year.
Wood Group is currently in a pay dispute with maintenance workers on Shell platforms in the UK North Sea.
Chief executive Robin Watson said: "We have continued to focus on what we can control and what we can manage during a period where lower oil prices have endured and activity has fallen.
"Our focus remains on managing costs, improving efficiency and maintaining capability. We are working with our customers to work smarter, streamlining work processes while increasing quality and efficiency."
The engineering firm has told investors it expects full year profits to be 20% lower than in 2015.
The outlook was helped, it said, by early signs of oil production projects being given approval, and signs that the sharp drop in North American onshore drilling may have bottomed out.
Wood Group has also announced a $700m multi-year contract for oilfield automation services in Kazakhstan. This continues work it has been doing there for Tengizchevroil since 2013.
In other energy news, Cairn Energy, based in Edinburgh, announced a significant increase in the estimated size of its oil discovery in Senegal.
An independent company has assessed it as containing 473 million barrels of potentially recoverable oil or its gas equivalent, and up to 2.7 billion in total in the field.
The company said the new North Sea fields in which it has a significant interest, Kraken and Catcher, remain on schedule to be in production by the end of next year. The downturn in the oil market means the capital expenditure behind them has fallen between 10% and 20%.
The Wood Group share price rose 2% in morning trading after its half-year results were announced. Cairn Energy was up nearly 3%.Britain's  and  champion teams up with Heather Stanning as she aims to repeat her success in Chengdu in 2013.
"It's the first big title I've had to defend," Glover said.
"There's a little bit of pressure, but it I think it's important to feel the pressure," she told BBC Radio Cornwall.
"If you're going to define the season for us, when we look back at the 2014 season, it'll be 'we did this at the World Championships'," she added.
"In non-Olympic years it's the biggest event by far, it's a really big deal to have that to your name."
Glover and Stanning have resurrected their partnership from London 2012 after Stanning took a year off in 2013 to concentrate on her military career.
Glover and Polly Swann won the world title last year in Stanning's absence and the both women have rowed with Glover this season before Stanning managed to secure the spot alongside the Cornwall rower for the Worlds.
"It's going to be Heather's first chance since the Olympics [to win a world title] and I'd love the opportunity to keep my title so it's important and special to both of us.
"When we first came back together we realised it had been a long time since the Olympics. We needed to find our feet again and found that actually everything was really natural.
"That gave us the confidence over the last month or so away on training camp to not just let it be the same as it was - we've really worked on pushing it on.
"I feel we've moved on and made changes, looking to be a better crew than we were in 2012,"  Glover added.Owen Creaney, from Lurgan, was found dead on 5 July 2014.
Shauneen Boyle, 25, and Stephen Thomas Hughes, 29, are jointly charged with his murder.
A friend of Ms Boyle's said she received a text on Friday 4 July which said Ms Boyle was "in trouble".
Mairead McGuigan told the jury at Belfast Crown Court that she later phoned Ms Boyle.
"She said she got into a fight with Owen, she had went mad, she had beat a fella up after getting into an argument and she jumped on his stomach and his head. She might have said that he was in a bad way," she said.
"She said there was blood all over his face. She said his face was busted open.''
Ms McGuigan said Ms Boyle phoned her about 21:00 and asked her to call round to Mr Hughes's house after work.
"She asked me to bring round my hoover and my carpet cleaner as she said there was a stain on the white carpet,'' she said
The witness said she called to Mr Hughes's house at Moyraverty Court, Craigavon, about 21:35 and told a prosecution barrister that she took a seat on the sofa in the living next to Ms Boyle while Mr Hughes remained standing in front of them.
"They were drinking. Shauneen said: 'I got into a fight with Owen Creaney over my dad'," she Ms McGuigan said.
"Stephen said nothing. I asked him why he didn't break it up. He said he was afraid and said he had got his blinds broken."
She told the court she was about to leave when she heard noises coming from upstairs and realised Mr Creaney was up there.
Ms Boyle told her he had been sleeping for 28 hours and was drunk after consuming alcohol.
Ms McGuigan followed the pair upstairs and saw Mr Creaney lying on a sofa.
"He was making funny breathing noises, like heavy breathing. Shauneen said he was sleeping. He was like bruised with yellow bruising. There was foam coming out of his mouth," she said.
"I told them to get the police, that this man has a broken rib. Shauneen said Stephen was afraid of the police coming to the house. I said he definitely has a broken rib and she said Owen had drank a litre of vodka and was lying sleeping.''
She told the court that the pair told her they had showered Mr Creaney following the fight to "to try and bring him round" and had changed him and washed his clothes.'
Ms McGuigan left the property and told a male friend what had happened.
She said she was in contact with Ms Boyle the following morning.
Ms McGuigan said she asked Ms Boyle about Mr Creaney, to which she replied: "He is dead.'' I said: 'Get that man to the hospital now.''
"Shauneen said: 'It's too late. There is nothing more we can do for him'. But I don't think she was telling the truth.''
She said that during the phone call, she overheard a conversation between the pair talking about an "empty wheelie bin".
Ms Boyle's lawyer asked Ms McGuigan if she remembered getting a text on the Saturday morning in which his client had denied the murder.  She said she did not.
Both Ms Boyle, from Edenderry Park, Banbridge, and Mr Hughes, whose address was given as HMP Maghaberry deny the charges.John Askey's men were second-best on the day, but rallied in the last minute and striker Chris Holroyd bundled in from close range to draw his side level.
The Daggers nosed in front in the first quarter when Corey Whitely squared for Fejiri Okenabirhie, and the onrushing midfielder dispatched firmly into the bottom corner.
John Still's men remained in relative control before the interval, but could not put the match beyond doubt. Whitely struck the top of Craig Ross's bar on the stroke of half-time.
They remained largely on top in the second half, but were to be undone by Holroyd's sucker punch.
Report supplied by the Press Association.
Match ends, Dagenham and Redbridge 1, Macclesfield Town 1.
Second Half ends, Dagenham and Redbridge 1, Macclesfield Town 1.
Substitution, Dagenham and Redbridge. Shomari Barnwell replaces Jordan Maguire-Drew.
Goal!  Dagenham and Redbridge 1, Macclesfield Town 1. Chris Holroyd (Macclesfield Town).
Substitution, Macclesfield Town. Chris Sutherland replaces Danny Whitaker.
Substitution, Dagenham and Redbridge. Josh Staunton replaces Craig Robson.
Frankie Raymond (Dagenham and Redbridge) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Corey Whitely (Dagenham and Redbridge) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Second Half begins Dagenham and Redbridge 1, Macclesfield Town 0.
First Half ends, Dagenham and Redbridge 1, Macclesfield Town 0.
Substitution, Dagenham and Redbridge. Luke Howell replaces Fejiri Okenabirhie.
Paul Lewis (Macclesfield Town) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Goal!  Dagenham and Redbridge 1, Macclesfield Town 0. Fejiri Okenabirhie (Dagenham and Redbridge).
First Half begins.
Lineups are announced and players are warming up.Northumberland County Council is planning to scrap Haydon Bridge station as well as downsizing West Harton Community Station.
Dave Ledger, chairman of the Northumberland Fire and Rescue Authority, said the council had "no choice" but to make the cuts.
The council also plans to scrap engines in Ponteland, Seahouses and Wooler and replace them with smaller appliances.
It has to save £500,000 on top of £1.5m cuts and has just finished a three-month consultation on its proposals.
The authority said a number of concerns had been raised, including how the county would cope in the face of further flooding when fire crews are called to help.
During the consultation it received three petitions, 84 online responses and 76 letters raising concerns over the plans, a spokesman said.
Mr Ledger, who is also the deputy Labour leader of Northumberland County Council, said: "To say I am concerned about the future is an understatement.
"We simply have no choice. The Government keeps saying we have choices - well I'd like them to tell us what the choices are."
The fire service has 88 full-time firefighters and 180 on-call officers in the county.
A full cabinet meeting will be held on 21 March when a final decision will be made.
Mr Ledger added: "Should the recommendation be approved, we will continue to have 21 emergency response vehicles and, through the introduction of smaller fire appliances, in some areas we will be able to increase the cover we provide."Pee Wee Pumps, which makes soft shoes for infants, describes its products as "cool" and "diva defining".
But pictures of the fashion range posted online have led to criticism on social media sites.
The shoes, which have collapsible heels and pointed toes, are available for infants up to six months old.
In the latest post on the company's Facebook page, an infant in heels sits astride a miniature motorbike with the caption: "This little #Diva, defining cool posing in her #PeeWeePumps."
The image was criticised by a number the site's users, who suggested it was "wrong" and "disgusting" to portray infants in such a way.
It comes amid growing concern at what is seen as the sexualisation of children.
"This is not ok," wrote Melissa Balinski.
Another commenter, Jen, said that "promoting products for babies this way is just sick".
Other promotional images for Pee Wee Pumps products include babies wearing bead necklaces, sequin dresses and tutus.
The range of shoes, which features styles made from red satin and leopard-skin material, have repeatedly met mixed responses from Facebook users.
"I will definitely avoid this brand," wrote Barrow, commenting on a picture of a baby in "black pump classics". "This is horrid," added Flory.
But some users left positive comments, remarking how the shoes made the infants "look adorable". "Too cute," wrote Latoyia.
The Pee Wee Pumps website displays a range of designs, labelled "Swanky", "Wild Child" and "Diva".
"She'll make a statement in this bold, red hue," reads the product description alongside a design labelled "Sassy".
The company came under fire earlier this month from UK campaign group Let Clothes Be Clothes, which posted images of the product range for infants with the warning "beware, the photos are shocking".
"I will definitely avoid this brand," wrote Owen. "That's disturbing. Even without the heels the pics would be not even remotely okay," wrote Eva.
Another user, Natasha, added to the campaign group's post: "Should be banned."
Pee Wee Pumps is based in Greensburg, Pennsylvania. The founder, Michele Holbrook, wrote in a statement on the company website that her products "are not intended for walking, but rather to meet the current and ever-growing popular demand for 'high-fashion' in infant apparel".The accident, involving a Jaguar which struck a bridge barrier, happened at 05:45 at Junction 18 Charing Cross in the city.
The affected lane and slip road reopened at 09:00 following repairs.
Police said a 38-year-old man had been taken by ambulance to Glasgow Royal Infirmary following the crash.
His condition was not thought to be life-threatening.
Traffic Scotland had warned drivers that the route was likely to remain shut through the early morning rush hour.
The delays affected traffic from Glasgow Airport and drivers on the M77 from Junction 5.
At one point, the tailback stretched as far back as Junction 29, St James Interchange.
The queues had largely dissipated by mid morning but traffic was slower than usual.This time