The deal would see Dublin Bus staff receive pay rises totalling 11.25% over three years.
This is more than the increase of 8.25%, as recommended by the Labour Court.
Drivers have been seeking a 15% pay rise over three years.
The latest deal would not be linked to additional productivity.
Strikes had been scheduled for 11 more days in October, including this Saturday, when Dublin face Mayo in the All-Ireland senior gaelic football final replay.
Under the proposal, staff will be expected to cooperate with the introduction of drug and alcohol testing at work.
Irish broadcaster RTÃ‰ reports that cooperation will also be expected on measures to reduce absenteeism.
The proposal also included items relating to scheduling, pensions, and other policies.
The ballot of Dublin Bus staff is expected to take about ten days.
Hundreds of thousands of people have already been disrupted by a series of strikes by bus drivers in September.It said the investigation following complaints from price comparison websites had failed to understand the "reality" of online shopping.
It blamed a drop in traffic for price comparison sites on Amazon and others.
Europe's competition commissioner first accused the firm of abusing its dominance in search in April 2015 and made further claims in July 2016.
Google's shopping results appear as a box of images and links displayed alongside other search results.
In 2015, the EU competition commissioner claimed these results gave prominence to Google's own services and advertisements, to the detriment of price comparison websites, which may have lost visitors.
Google responded that the EU had failed to take into account the significance of online shopping giants such as Amazon, which it said also competed against price comparison websites.
In its updated claim, the EU said Amazon could not be considered a rival to price comparison websites because it sometimes paid such sites to be included in search results.
Google's latest response says websites such as Amazon get a "tiny fraction" of their visitors from price comparison websites, "hardly enough to support the idea that they don't compete" with one another.
It also pointed out that Amazon provides its own price comparison tools for its customers.
"The commission's revised case still rests on a theory that just doesn't fit the reality of how most people shop online," the company said in a blog.
"It's not surprising that when Amazon and other new competitors arrived in European countries, traffic to sites offering only price comparison went down."
The company said it would "look forward" to continuing discussions with the commission.
FairSearch Europe - a lobby group that was one of the complainants against Google - said Google's actions were "anti-consumer".
In a statement, the group said: "We believe it is the European Commission that has the interests of consumers in mind, not a private company that makes money by using its market power to charge high prices to advertisers.
"When consumers look at Google ads they do not get the best, most relevant results. Instead, they get results from advertisers willing to pay Google the most money."A public sale of the items will be held at the venue on Saturday and Sunday.
Aberdeen Performing Arts, the organisation that manages the hall, held the last performances there earlier this month.
The building is due to be fully closed to the public for 20-months of building work.
A new performance studio and new creative learning space will be created.
The box office and reception will also be moved and ramped entrance added to the main doors from Union Street, as well as improved access to the balcony.The forces were taking part in a counter-terrorism operation when they came under fire, US officials said.
A medical helicopter sent to rescue casualties was forced to land and has yet to be recovered.
Some 12,000 international soldiers are still deployed in Afghanistan to help local forces tackle the Taliban.
Some of the foreign troops were sent to counter the recent militant insurgency in Helmand.
Details of what happened in the incident, which took place near the town of Marjah on Tuesday, remain sketchy.
US military spokesman Brig Gen Wilson Shoffner said one service member had died as a result of wounds, adding: "We are deeply saddened by this loss... our heartfelt sympathies go out to the families and friends of those involved."
The identity of the casualties has not yet been revealed and no official details given on their service branch.
A number of Afghan forces were also reported to have been wounded.
The casualties occurred before the "medevac" helicopter was called in.
Some reports said the helicopter, believed to be a UH-60 Black Hawk, had also come under fire.
A US defence official said it had "sustained damage while on the ground" but had not been shot down.
He said it remained on the ground and the military was working to recover it, but gave no further details.
In 2011, 30 Americans were among 38 people killed in a Chinook helicopter crash in Wardak province.
Helmand has long been a stronghold of the Taliban.
Afghan forces, aided by the US military, have been engaged in a fierce conflict recently with Taliban fighters who seized large swathes of Sangin district.
The fighting also sparked the deployment of a number of UK forces to Helmand for the first time in more than a year.
In September, the Taliban briefly overran the northern city of Kunduz in one of their biggest victories in 14 years of war.It looked at the number of accidents recorded at each junction, then weighted the results according to the severity of injuries sustained and how many cyclists were active in the area.
The Arkleston Road/A761 junction in Paisley headed the list.
The charity, which promotes walking and cycling, said the results highlight the importance of better infrastructure.
The findings will be presented at the Scottish Transport Applications and Research conference this week.
Locations with dangerous junctions included Wallyford, Dundee, Tranent, Inverness and Stirling.
Roundabouts were featured in eight of the dangerous junctions, with seven others being T-junctions or staggered junctions.
Sustrans Scotland director John Lauder said: "Safety is often cited as the main reason why people don't cycle for more of the journeys they make every day.
"This research highlights the importance of having high-quality cycling infrastructure in place at junctions, so that collisions can be prevented.
"We know that better cycle infrastructure increases the feeling of safety and ultimately the number of people on bikes."
He added: "Put quite simply: the more people in a place who cycle, the safer it becomes for everyone."
Sustrans Scotland has been working with local authorities to address some of the specific concerns.
It contributed to a consultation on improving one of Edinburgh's busiest junctions, at Sheriffhall roundabout.
A Transport Scotland spokesman said: "The Scottish government remains committed to undertaking improvements at Sheriffhall roundabout having announced the preferred route option earlier this year.
"As part of the scheme, grade separation at Sheriffhall will improve access for pedestrians and cyclists compared to the existing arrangement.
"By allowing Edinburgh City Bypass traffic to pass over it will significantly reduce congestion and improve accessibility for all modes of transport including pedestrians and cyclists."The 30-year-old Australian-born forward represented Scotland at the 2013 Rugby League World Cup.
He holds the record for the most consecutive appearances in the NRL with 215 between 2006 and 2014.
"The club has a great profile and stature in the game and I hope to be able to contribute to developing that wonderful culture," he said.
Douglas will join St Helens ahead of the 2017 season.
"I am told Saints have the best fans in the game and I can't wait to engage with them. I'm really looking forward to this next chapter in my life," he added.It was suggested to him, on the BBC's Andrew Marr Show, that the current action by junior doctors would be more effective if the ban was ended.
"Sympathy action is legal in most other countries, it should also be legal here," Mr Corbyn said.
The Tories said the remarks show Labour is a "threat" to economic security.
Asked if he would end the ban on secondary strike action - also known as solidarity action - brought in by Margaret Thatcher's Conservative government in 1990, Mr Corbyn said: "Yes, of course".
He added: "Nobody willingly goes on strike. They go on strike as an ultimate weapon... So let's look at the causes of people being upset rather than the symptoms."
Reaction to Sunday's political interviews
Mr Corbyn also did not rule out allowing the return of flying pickets - where workers travels to support others' action - which were first used in the coal disputes of the 1970s.
He said: "It was merely people moving around showing support during a very difficult industrial dispute."
Referring to the walkout by junior doctors in their dispute with the government about a new contract, Mr Corbyn said they "would be better served if we had a health secretary who was prepared to get involved, meet them and look for a solution".
There were calls for the laws on secondary strikes to be repealed in 2005 while Labour was in power, amid action by baggage handlers at Heathrow Airport in support of sacked staff at the catering firm Gate Gourmet. However, the government then ruled out the prospect of lifting the ban.
The issue re-emerged three years later but then Prime Minister Gordon Brown said there would be "no return" to past laws.The attempted abduction happened at about 08:00 GMT while the boy was walking to school along North Road, Bourne.
The offender is described as 6ft and white, with short spiked brown hair and tattoo on his neck.
Officers are warning the public to not let children go out alone.
Det Insp Pete Grayson, from Lincolnshire Police, said the boy was very frightened by the incident.
He urged anyone with information to contact the force.On the second anniversary of Stephen's death, the charity has also outlined how the cash has aided cancer services for young people.
Stephen died on 14 May 2014, after contracting bowel cancer.
The 19-year-old, of Burntwood, Staffordshire, became well known after posting a picture online of his "final thumbs up" from a hospital bed.
He had pledged to raise £1m himself for the charity and hit the target three weeks before his death.
The trust said £2.7m had been spent refurbishing cancer units at hospitals across the country, with four more - in Cambridge, Hull, Newcastle and the Wirral - now to benefit.
A total of £1.6m has been used to train specialist nurses, as well as fund the charity's International Conference and Adolescent and Young Adult Global Cancer Congress in December.
Stephen's legacy is also helping fund JTV Cancer Support, a project helping young sufferers express their feelings and record their personal journeys.
Around £500,000 has been spent on education and awareness programmes, and £200,000 on conference weekends for youngsters called Find Your Sense of Tumour.
Stephen's mother Jane has now been made an official ambassador for the trust.
"Not a day goes by when I don't miss my brave and brilliant son. But when I think about everything he achieved and how much he's helping other young people, it makes me feel so proud," she said.
"With his voice in my ear, I've run a marathon, jumped out of a plane and in a few months, I'll be climbing Mount Kilimanjaro.
"I'm honoured to call myself an ambassador for Teenage Cancer Trust, and feel privileged to be able to continue to spread Stephen's unique message of positivity."
Kate Collins, director of fundraising and marketing at the charity, said: "Stephen was the most incredible young man and has helped us take huge steps forward for young people with cancer."Junead Khan, 25, of Marlow Avenue in Luton, downloaded a bomb-making recipe and browsed the internet for a knife used by British militant "Jihadi John".
He was jailed for life in May for preparing a terror act.
This has now been replaced with a 20-year jail term with five years on licence.
The Appeal Court heard Khan opened the bomb pack computer file "only once" and, although he looked for a knife, he never placed an order.
Although he went close to US military bases in East Anglia, including RAF Mildenhall in Suffolk, he never deviated from his planned route.
"There is no doubt about the heinous nature of the crime, which Junead Khan formed an intention to commit," the judge said.
"In terms of steps actually taken, he did not carry his intention far."
He had committed a serious crime but not one that needed a life sentence, the panel of judges including Lord Justice Treacy and Mr Justice Leggatt, concluded.
The judges also dismissed an appeal by Khan and his uncle Shazib Khan, 24, also of Marlow Avenue in Luton, against their sentences of seven-years jail, with five years of extended licence, for preparing terrorism offences.
The pair had planned throughout 2014 and 2015 to travel to Syria to live under the so-called Islamic State regime, but failed to raise enough money for the fare and to buy all the kit their IS contacts had asked them to bring.He was taken into custody on Thursday in Lurgan.
Four other men arrested after searches in the County Armagh town and in Coalisland, County Tyrone, on Wednesday, are still being questioned.
Police evacuated an estimated 15 homes in Lurgan's Woodville Avenue during Wednesday's searches.
Forensic teams and police using a sniffer dog carried out the searches.
Three men, two aged 22 and one aged 24, were arrested in Lurgan and a 46-year-old in Coalisland.Aidan, 16, who was born female, claims he was effectively excluded because Hereford Cathedral School refused to let him wear a boy's uniform.
This was despite the support of his mother and the family's GP as he began his transition.
The action is being taken under the 2010 Equality Act. The school said it would defend its position.
Aidan said that when he came out as a boy his mother was "definitely heartbroken".
"I feel like she had dreams of seeing her daughter getting married and having children," he said. "