The BHA aims to halt a decline in the number of horses taking part in races lower down the scale with an increase in prize money and appearance fees.
The scheme has the support of the Racecourse Association and Horsemen's Group.
The proposals come as the 2018 fixture list is released, with 1,508 meetings next year, 11 more than in 2017.
Richard Wayman, chief operating officer for the BHA, said: "Although there has been growth in total prize money in recent years, much of this has been at the top end. The returns to our sport's participants further down the scale are simply not sufficient at present to be sustainable.
"Targeting grassroots with extra funding will help racing's participants to maintain their involvement in the sport, keeping more horses in training, as well as helping with the recruitment and retention of staff to care for our horses."
The BHA proposes to invest additional levy income in racing from 2018, with the aim of delivering three key objectives for the sport - supporting ownership, delivering more competitive and compelling racing, and increasing customer engagement.
A statement by the BHA proposed that, in addition to the increased number on meetings next year, there will also be "customer-friendly slots on Friday evenings and Saturday afternoons throughout summer with the aim of increasing attendances".
"We need the fixture list and race programme to work in a manner that meets our customer's requirements. As customer and betting habits change it is essential that our sport evolves with them," Wayman added.The material is to be transported by road from the nuclear power complex to Scrabster harbour for shipping to Sellafield in Cumbria.
A nine mile (14.4km) stretch of the A836 would be involved.
Dounreay is being decommissioned and tonnes of its radioactive material is being reprocessed at Sellafield.
Other items have been taken to the Cumbrian nuclear site by train, and also flown to the US and shipped to Belgium.
Dounreay said the removal of the latest material formed part of a new phase of the clean up of the site near Thurso.
A spokesperson for Dounreay said: "Dounreay is being demolished, so nuclear materials are being returned to national stocks.
"This programme started in 2001 and is expected to take several more years to complete.
"Our priority at all times is to comply with regulations designed to ensure the safety and security of nuclear materials, both while in storage and transit."
The A836 forms part of the North Coast 500 (NC500) tourist route.
Tom Campbell, managing director of the tourism initiative, said: "The North Coast 500 is based on roads where people live, work commute as well as visit and enjoy the north Highlands and these roads, like all roads are subject to closures, roadworks and diversions.
"The nine mile stretch represents less than 2% of the NC500 and our understanding is that actual closures will be rare and infrequent."It said its food and funerals business had performed "robustly", with same-store sales in food up 0.4%, but its insurance business had lost money.
The Co-op has begun a three-year plan to steady the business after deep problems emerged in 2013 with its bank, which it has since largely sold off.
In 2014, it made a net profit of £216m selling its pharmacy chain and farms.
Chief executive Richard Pennycock said without the proceeds of the sales the group would have, "at best, broken even".
He said the organisation had made good progress reducing its costs, which had fallen from £176m to £146m and it had also cut its debts from £1.4bn to £808m.
Co-op Group chairman Allan Leighton told the BBC that the business had strayed a long way: 'We lost the heart of what the Co-op was. I mean look at what's happened to the business, it's terrible.
"The Co-op did used to stand for something and it was in the community, membership was important. Co-operation was important, but we've had unco-operation, we should have been called the unco-operative. Because that's the reality of where we've been."
The Co-op is the country's largest mutually-owned organisation with more than eight million members, who share in the profits of the business.
It is the UK's fifth-largest food retailer with almost 2,800 stores. In the last year, the group added 82 convenience stores and refurbished more than 700 stores. It plans to expand by adding another 100 outlets this year.
But despite the improving performance, the business warned it would not be paying a dividend to its members until 2018.
Last year, the Co-op recorded a net loss of £2.3bn, once one-off losses relating to its bank and its then-owned Somerfield business were taken into account.
It was forced to divest itself of a large chunk of the bank to a number of private investors, largely hedge funds, and now owns just 20% of that business.
That prompted a review by Lord Myners in which he called the group "manifestly dysfunctional" and recommended a major shake-up in its organisational structure.
Co-op members will also get the chance to vote on whether the group should continue to make donations to political parties.
BBC business editor Kamal Ahmed says that in effect, the board is asking the members of the Co-operative Group whether they want to continue financially supporting the Co-operative Party.
The Co-op Party includes among its members a number of prominent Labour MPs such as Ed Balls, Stella Creasy and Chris Leslie. They stand as candidates of both the Co-operative Party and the Labour Party.
Our business editor points out that the board has "carefully not given a view. But it is interesting to note that the new Co-op chairman, Allan Leighton, did sign a letter backing Labour in 2001".The lead investigator was seeking to clarify earlier comments by police that suggested some of the driver's actions were deliberate.
Band members Kris Leonard, River Reeves, Jack Dakin and Tomas Lowe died, along with manager Craig Tarry, 33, near Stockholm on 13 February.
Lars Berglund said the driver's "only intention was to avoid a crash".
Witnesses reported seeing the car going though red lights and barriers before the Warrington band's car plunged 80ft (24m) into a canal off a bridge, the middle section of which was raised.
Mr Berglund told Mirror reporter Rhian Lubin: "I have not suggested that [the driver] was doing this in order to kill himself or the band. I said he was making a move from the right lane to the left lane and that was not accidental.
"We can see the brake lights. His intention was to stop the car. But maybe his speed was too high and it was too late."
Earlier, a Stockholm police spokesman said: "It looks like he [the driver] tried to drive past red lights, barriers.
"All the witnesses thought it looked like he was trying to drive past... there weren't supposed to be cars on the left.
'It is a possibility he deliberately crashed the car, but he may have misunderstood the signs.
"[It is] still subject to investigation and we are still waiting for results of technical investigation too."
Police have previously confirmed the driver, who has not been identified, had no traces of alcohol or drugs and said it would have been very difficult to pass two lines of parked cars if he was asleep.
The car, carrying the four members of the band and their manager, was recovered from the canal under the E4 highway bridge in Sodertalje, Sweden.
In the week after the accident, the band reached number one in the iTunes chart following a social media campaign backed by Oasis singer Liam Gallagher and Tim Burgess from The Charlatans.
A concert in the band's memory at Warrington's Parr Hall on 2 April has now sold out.
The gig, which will feature friends and bands they have played with, will be hosted in their Warrington hometown by BBC Radio 1 DJ Phil Taggart.Entitled 100 Stories of Migration, some of the images are positive and celebratory. There's a picture of a smiling young mother and her child from Somalia on the beach at Brighton.
Most images though are menacing and hostile, reflecting the UK and the Midlands' often contradictory response to migrants.
Some show National Front marches in the 1970s and a landlady's window notice saying in stark terms: "No coloureds".
"What we wanted to do was to challenge people," curator Sarah Plumb told me.
"It's about asking them to question some of their negative stereotypes that are presented around migrants, often in the mainstream media."
Screened on the staircase is the 1968 Birmingham speech of Enoch Powell. His anti-immigration "Rivers of Blood" warning to West Midlands Conservatives still casts a long political shadow.
Prof Martin Halliwell, deputy pro-vice-chancellor at the University of Leicester, has been building links with university colleagues in Gujarat in west India. But UK political sensitivities over migrants is clouding attempts at deeper exchanges.
"The government's tightening of visas for migrants from Eastern Europe has affected us dramatically and detrimentally, especially in South Asia," he said.
"We are seeing a drying up of the flow of students, which is vital for the life of our universities."
On Leicester's Hinckley Road, the Polish delis reflect the arrival of new migrants.
In excess of 45,000 migrants have settled in the East Midlands since 2011 alone. That's the estimate in findings compiled for the BBC by researchers at Oxford University.
According to new figures from the Office of National Statistics, net annual migration to the UK last year was under 300,000, with the largest group coming from Poland.
The East Midlands parliamentary constituencies with the biggest migrants are Boston and Skegness in Lincolnshire, with 9,500, and Nottingham East with just over 8,000.
It's the food processing industries and farms that have made the East Midlands a particularly popular destination of choice. Only London noticeably attracts more.
"Migrant labour is hugely important to the East Midlands," said Simon Fisher, of the National Farmers' Union in Lincolnshire.
"They offer us the labour flexibility for picking potatoes and vegetables. Without them, we wouldn't be producing the food we do."
But that influx worries East Midlands council leaders. They commissioned their own research on the knock-on effects, in a report entitled The Impact of International Migration on the East Midlands.
It revealed that up to 448,200 people in the East Midlands were foreign born. That's 10% of the region's population, compared with the UK average of 13.8%.
"Our findings showed there was an economic benefit from migration," said councillor Paul Kenny, leader of Boston Borough Council and chairman of the migration board of East Midlands Councils.
"But we also know from our experience that there are issues for our local communities."
In its report, it presses for
"People in the region have got concerns about migration and we need to make sure we address those needs," he added.
"It's about working together in partnership. What we are saying to the future government is that we want the East Midlands to have the right resources and back-up to do the job."
Whatever the response of the political parties and local council leaders in the weeks to come, the voters' concerns over migration are sure to affect the outcome of this general election.
Watch my report on migration on Sunday Politics for the East Midlands with Marie Ashby on BBC One at 11:00 GM on 8 March.Seventeen student bodies have endorsed the BDS movement - which calls for an international boycott of Israel over the way it treats Palestinians.
Some Jewish students in the UK say growing support for BDS has fuelled a rise in anti-Semitism on campuses.
The Commission said it would assess the concerns and take action if necessary.
The BDS - which stands for Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions - describes itself as a human rights organisation and criticises Israel for its human rights record.
It says it stands for "freedom, justice and equality", saying it is "inclusive and categorically opposes as a matter of principle all forms of racism" - including anti-Semitism.
Devora Khafi, a student at Queen Mary University of London, is one of nearly 10,000 Jewish students in the UK.
She told the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme she felt physically intimidated when other students hijacked a speech at London's UCL given by a former Israeli defence force officer.
She said she was pushed against some doors, jostled and shouted at by protesters.
She says she fears having a connection with Israel has made other people at her university hostile towards her.
"If I ever express a viewpoint in class or on social media, I get comments, in public or private," she said.
"It has been hard. It's been two years of constant fighting for our freedom of speech, our rights, our wellbeing. I've missed deadlines, I've had counselling, I've had anxiety episodes," she said.
Devora believes the BDS movement is adding to a climate of hostility against Israel on campus, which she says has turned her and other Jewish students into scapegoats.
"If you look behind the BDS lens, it calls for these things that are not peaceful. They harm Jewish students and pro-Israel students and they don't support a peaceful, atmosphere on campus."
Support for BDS has been growing rapidly on British campuses.
London's School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS) students' union in London was one of the first to endorse the BDS, after students voted in favour in a referendum in 2015.
The students' union implemented an academic boycott of Israel.
The BBC found 17 students' unions have now passed motions to endorse the BDS boycott of Israel.
They include Belfast, Birkbeck, Brunel, Essex, Exeter, Goldsmiths, Kings College London, Kingston, Lancashire, Liverpool, Manchester, SOAS, Strathclyde, Sussex, Swansea, University of Arts London and UCL.
But it is possible they may be breaking the law by backing the movement.
Since