The US Commerce Department said the economy grew at an annualised pace of 1.4% in the January-to-March period.
The rate was an upward revision from the previous estimate of 1.2%, which itself was an increase from the original reading of 0.7%.
However, it still marks a slowdown from the final quarter of 2016, when the economy grew at a rate of 2.1%.
The latest growth figure was helped by an increased estimate for growth in consumer spending, which was revised up to a rate of 1.1% from 0.6%.
"The economy is expanding at a solid, if unspectacular pace," said Gus Faucher, chief economist at PNC Financial Services.
Growth estimates in the first quarter are often weak, a quirk some say is due to the difficulty of measuring the effect of seasonal changes.
Thursday's update bolsters the perspective of the Federal Reserve, which increased interest rates in June.
Policymakers at the time said they did not believe the slowdown in the first quarter was the start of a trend, pointing to one-off factors, including a relatively mild winter.
Stronger-than-expected trade figures published Wednesday also led some to predict better growth in the second quarter.
Even so, many say growth for the year is all but certain to fall short of the 3% goal outlined by US President Donald Trump. Mr Faucher forecasts growth around 2.2% for the year.
The International Monetary Fund this week cut its forecast for US economic growth, in part citing uncertainty over the chances for tax reform and infrastructure spending, policies that many say could provide an economic boost.Photos shared by local media show copies of the Islamic holy book in three toilet bowls.
Campus police say the case is "strange" and "very unusual" due to the religious and ethnic diversity at the school.
Police are trying to identify one of six people seen entering the toilet on the evening of the incident, 28 March.
Investigators have been reviewing security footage to find a suspect.
X-Men artist fired over Koran verse
A reflection room where multi-faith prayer books are kept on the building's ground floor was not touched, according to investigators.
Police Chief Larry Zacharias told the Dallas Morning News: "No one knows who owns the books, so that makes it difficult."
Mohammad Syed, president of the college's Muslim Student Association, told local media the case was "definitely saddening and a little disturbing as well".
"While there is a little voice of hate, there is an overwhelming voice of love and support and we definitely appreciate that," he said.
Why was Koran ripped up at school meeting?
He added that the university is "a very welcoming environment".
The Korans were discovered by members of the student government after an evening meeting.
"I was appalled," said Jonathan Schuler, who found the sacred texts in the toilets.
"It made a lot of the hate I had been hearing and seeing on national news real, and very present."
The student senators have released a statement calling it an isolated incident that does not represent the university community.
'I escaped death by reciting from the Koran'Police and the British Army's Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) team were called to Motorhog in Empire Way at 12:15 BST on Friday.
Part of Bristol Road was closed and nearby properties were evacuated while a controlled explosion was carried out.
Police have confirmed there were no explosives in the package and are now investigating.Fees in England are rising again, and it is the first fall in UK applications since fees were last increased in 2012.
The Royal College of Nursing blamed the 23% drop in nursing applications on the removal of bursaries.
Universities Minister Jo Johnson said that despite the overall drop, more 18-year-olds were applying to university.
These Ucas admissions figures, up to the January deadline for courses starting in the autumn, show a 5% drop in UK students and 7% drop in students from the European Union - with a total of about 564,000.
Universities have been warning about the impact of Brexit on their finances if European applications fall and these figures show a significant decline in candidates from the EU.
There has also been a decline in UK students applying - and like the two previous occasions when applications have fallen - this has been when fees are being increased.
The fall in applications in England of 6% has been three times greater than in Scotland at 2%, which remains without tuition fees.
Applications from Wales fell most, by 7%, and Northern Ireland by 5%.
Nursing had the biggest fall of any individual subject, and Janet Davies, general secretary of the Royal College of Nursing, blamed this on the switch from grants to fees and loans.
"We warned the government the removal of student funding would see a sharp drop in nursing applications. These figures confirm our worst fears," said Ms Davies.
She said the "nursing workforce is in crisis".
But there were drops across other subjects - particularly among older students not applying directly from school.
Among 19-year-olds, numbers were down 9%. And among 25-year-olds, applications were down 23%.
But among 18-year-olds, such as sixth-formers applying from school, numbers have continued to rise to record levels, up to 37% of the age group.
And there could be an upside for those who are seeking places - with universities likely to be competing to attract students.
Ucas chief Mary Curnock Cook said this "tough recruitment environment for universities" would mean "unprecedented choice and opportunity for applicants".
Sorana Vieru, vice-president of the National Union of Students, said the fall in applicants was "disappointing, but not a surprise".
"Uncertainty around increases in tuition fees, loss of maintenance grants and the rising costs of living and studying at university are too much of a risk to some potential students," she said.
Labour's shadow universities minister, Gordon Marsden, said: "We warned the government at Christmas their sneaked-out tuition fee increases and the accompanying increased debts would have damaging impacts on students and their numbers."
Universities Minister Jo Johnson said: "More young people than ever are choosing to go to university, with record application rates for 18-year-olds this year as well as those from disadvantaged backgrounds."Media playback is not supported on this device
Arsenal were 4-0 down but took the game to extra-time, with a Theo Walcott hat-trick and two Marouane Chamakh goals helping them into the last eight.
"We went from disaster to rescuing some pride," Wenger said. "You cannot play for Arsenal and give up."
Reading boss Brian McDermott said the defeat was the "worst" of his career.
Arsenal found themselves 4-0 down after 35 minutes but Walcott made it 4-1 just before half-time to set up the platform for an incredible second-half revival that took the game into extra time.
Chamakh put Arsenal in front for the first time on the night with a goal in the first period of extra time, only for Reading striker Pavel Pogrebnyak to make it 5-5. But Walcott restored Arsenal's lead before Chamakh scored their seventh.
"It was 4-0 and could have been one or two more," Wenger added. "We came back but at 89 minutes it was still 4-2. Then the miracle happened. There were so many turning points. Our first goal before half-time was important. It's my first 7-5. It was a tennis score."
Wenger said he knew the pain of relinquishing a four-goal advantage, having drawn 4-4 with Newcastle after being 4-0 up in February 2011. He explained that his team had drawn inspiration from their supporters.
He said: "I know how it feels to lose a 4-0 lead - it happened to me at Newcastle. I always hoped we could come back. It's strange to explain. At 4-0 you think you have won the game, but at 4-2 the panic starts to set in.
"At 4-0 I didn't feel great, I started to think about half-time. Inspiration was not difficult. I just felt sorry for the fans, they stuck with us. A big part stayed and supported us and I give them credit. I give the ones who left less credit.
Premier League, Newcastle 4-4 Arsenal, 5 February, 2011
Arsenal led 3-0 inside 10 minutes at St James' Park and 4-0 at half-time but were pegged back with Cheick Tiote's stunning late volley capping the comeback.
Champions League final, Liverpool 3-3 AC Milan, 25 May, 2005
Liverpool were down and out after going into half-time 3-0 down but scored three times in six minutes to turn the game on its head.
FA Cup fourth round, Tottenham 3-4 Manchester City, 4 February, 2004.
Spurs were 3-0 ahead at half-time before Joey Barton was sent off. But somehow City fought back and Jon Macken scored a dramatic late winner.
Premier League, Tottenham 3-5 Manchester United, 29 September 2001.
Again Spurs went in at half-time 3-0 ahead but were ripped apart in the second half by a breathtaking United performance.
FA Cup final, Blackpool 4-3 Bolton, Wembley, 2 May, 1953.
Bolton had led 3-1 and, were still leading with three minutes to go until Stan Mortensen and Bill Perry struck.
"This was maybe my greatest comeback. [The League Cup] is not my priority but had we gone out like we could have gone out it would not have been one of my proudest nights."
Reading boss Brian McDermott described the defeat as the worst of his career and identified Arsenal's first goal before half-time as the turning point.
"I wasn't happy at half-time because we went in at 4-1 instead of 4-0," he said.
"That gave them impetus they didn't need. We'd dominated the first half and then they scored a goal out of nothing.
"When you give good players and teams a lift like that, they take the chance. It was kamikaze football in the second half and extra time. Even at 5-5 it's extraordinary. It's the worst defeat of my career."
McDermott was angry that Walcott's equalising goal arrived almost two minutes after the minimum four minutes of stoppage-time had been played.
"Obviously it doesn't help that the referee added two minutes on to the four minutes of injury time to make it six," he said. "You can't tell the time as wrong as that, but he did.
"At full-time nothing needed to be said to the players. Sometimes the less said the better. We know what happened.
"This game will be remembered for a long time and that makes me feel a whole lot worse."Some of the victims reported the abuse to police after reading press reports about Peter Farrands being jailed for seven years in May 2015.
As well as working at Folville Rise Junior School in Leicester, Farrands was a scoutmaster and lay preacher.
The four victims were aged between six and 12 when Farrands abused them.
Sentencing Farrands, Judge Nicholas Dean QC said: "This was a breach of trust as a school teacher and a scoutmaster and the effect continues to haunt the victims.
"The sentence must seem lenient to the victims but they should look at the total sentence."
He pleaded guilty to seven additional charges of indecent assault against boys between 1976 and 1981.
Leicestershire Police said Farrands committed most of his crimes at Folville Rise Junior School.
Det Sgt Hazel Sandall hopes the case will encourage other victims of historical abuse to come forward.
She said: "No matter how old the offender and no matter how many years ago crimes took place, we will conduct a thorough examination of the evidence and will not hesitate to seek charges being brought against perpetrators of crime where evidence is available to us."
Two of the victims came to Leicester Crown Court, where Farrands appeared via video link, to see him sentenced.
The court heard one victim contacted the NSPCC in 2014 and said he had been abused by Farrands and two other people, who he believed have since died.
Some of the boys were assaulted multiple times.
In a statement read out in court, one of the victims said he is still receiving counselling because of what happened.
"There is still a lot of pain," he said.
"I'm still unable to enjoy the simple things like Christmas and birthdays."Since then the country has seen the creation of a multi-party parliamentary system, a decade-long Maoist insurgency and the abolition of its monarchy.
Flanked by China and India, it is home to eight of the world's highest mountains including Mount Everest, known locally as Sagarmatha.
As one of the world's poorest countries, Nepal's economy relies heavily on aid and tourism.
A devastating earthquake in April 2015 killed thousands of people, flattened villages and reduced numerous heritage sites to ruin.
Since then political infighting has delayed much of the reconstruction despite billions of dollars having been pledged.
Population 31 million
Area 147,181 sq km (56,827 sq miles)
Major languages Nepali
Major religions Hinduism, Buddhism
Life expectancy 68 years (men), 70 years (women)
Currency Nepalese rupee
President: Bidhya Devi Bhandari
Bidhya Devi Bhandari was elected as Nepal's first woman president in a parliamentary vote in October 2015. She is the deputy leader of the ruling Communist Party of Nepal Unified Marxist-Leninist (CPN-UML) and a former defence minister.
She is a campaigner for women's rights and widow of late communist leader Madan Kumar Bhandari.
The post of president is mainly ceremonial.
Prime minister: Pushpa Kamal Dahal aka Prachanda
Pushpa Kamal Dahal was elected as prime minister for the second time in August 2016.
Better known as Prachanda (Nepali for "fierce one"), he led a decade