Prosecutors said the aim was to prevent evidence being destroyed.
Police seized luxury cars from the home of the former Brazilian President, Fernando Collor de Mello.
The bribery scandal has undermined the standing of the current President, Dilma Rousseff.
Mr Collor denied any wrongdoing and posted on social media that "the measure was invasive, arbitrary and flagrantly unnecessary considering that the facts of the case have been investigated for at least two years... and I have never even been called to give any clarification."
Fifty-three searches were carried out "in homes, offices, company headquarters, law firms and public institutions." the police said in a statement.
Brazilian media said a senator, Ciro Nogueira, a congressman, Eduardo da Fonte and the ex-Cities Minister, Mario Negromonte, were also being investigated.
The police said the operation had taken place in the Federal District of the capital Brasilia and six states.
Since March last year the Petrobras investigation, nicknamed by police "Operation Car Wash", has placed former Petrobras executives and some of Brazil's most powerful construction contractors behind bars.
Thirty-four congressmen and one state vice-governor are under investigation.
Investigators allege firms paid corrupt officials in order to get lucrative Petrobras contracts.
The scandal has rocked Brazil's governing Workers' Party, with top politicians in several parties accused of taking bribes.
But President Rousseff, who chaired Petrobras when much of the corruption is believed to have taken place, has been cleared of involvement.About 20 firefighters helped bring the fire under control at Thorpe Willoughby, near Selby, on Saturday night.
It is not thought anyone was injured. An investigation is under way to find out how the fire started.
Pictures circulated on social media showed smoke from the fire was visible from several miles away from the site.Cherryl Henry-Leach from Doncaster Children's Services Trust, which runs Getting On, said it was one of the only programmes of its kind in the UK.
Families work with police, the health service, voluntary sector and council to avoid violence at home.
Ms Henry-Leach said parents were often reluctant to get help.
"They feel shame and stigma attached to being a victim of domestic abuse, while also fearing the consequences for their child if reported," she said.
The programme seeks to stop children moving from one abusive relationship to another, using a "whole-family approach" unique to Doncaster to build families' self-esteem and resilience, Ms Henry-Leach said.
Many teenagers on the programme have lived with domestic violence between parents so the project attempts to "de-normalise" abuse and help them move on to healthier relationships.
Mother and son, Anne and Luke (not their real names) from Doncaster, said the techniques derived from University of Oxford research taught them how to listen.
"There was a lot of swearing and abusive behaviour before," Anne said.  "Luke never actually hit me, but he'd go to hit me, or push me which could be frightening.
"I can now sit down and talk to my son without us shouting at each other. We can actually have a conversation without being abusive.
Luke agreed that they have a "healthier relationship."
Five Doncaster families have now completed the nine week programme, which is funded by Â£3.1m from the Department for Education's Innovation Fund.
A further six families are still on the programme.The 41-year-old has recorded 696 home runs, putting him fourth on the Major League Baseball all-time list.
He was given a 162-game ban for doping in January 2014, meaning he missed the entire 2014 season.
Rodriguez's final game will be at Yankee Stadium against the Tampa Bay Rays and he will then take on an advisor role at the club.
He helped the Yankees win the World Series in 2009 and was voted the American League's Most Valuable Player in 2003, 2005 and 2007.
"This is a tough day. I love this game and I love this team and today I am saying goodbye to both," Rodriguez said.
"This is also a proud day. I was 18 when I broke into the big leagues and I never thought I would play for 22 years.
"No player ends their career the way they want to, we all want to keep playing forever but it doesn't work that way. Accepting the end gracefully is part of being a professional athlete.
"I want to thank the fans for letting me play the game I love."Greater Manchester Police said the corrosive liquid hit a man and a woman in the eyes on Ashton Old Road, Openshaw, Manchester on Friday evening.
Shortly afterwards, bleach was thrown at a second man on the same road by a passenger in a silver Ford Fiesta heading towards Audenshaw.
Police said those affected were "lucky" to escape serious injury.
Insp Cherie Dunn, of Greater Manchester Police, said: "I am so thankful that none of the victims of these senseless attacks has been seriously injured.
"We could easily have been dealing with life-changing injuries.
"Anyone thinking that throwing bleach at people is funny or that a crime like this does not have consequences couldn't be more wrong.
"The victim's here were lucky. Bleach attacks could have had catastrophic consequences."Danni Jordan found the net for the Welsh with just a minute to go, to make the final score 2-1 in Glasgow in the final Test of the series.
Phoebe Richard had equalised just before half-time in a hard-fought encounter after Fiona Burnet had opened the scoring for the hosts.
Wales take the series 3-0 after beating Scotland 2-1 and 1-0 previously.
The dramatic series win was a fitting way for defender Tina Evans to celebrate winning her 100th cap for Wales.
"We're absolutely thrilled considering Scotland are ranked considerably higher than us in the world rankings," Evans said.
"We knew it was going to be a really difficult test for us but we're really pleased with how we've performed in getting three really good results.
"We came here with high expectations and probably exceed them but we're delighted with the performances and the results we've got.
"It was a really special day and it was really amazing to captain today and for the girls to come in and put in that huge amount of effort makes me really chuffed and excited for what the future holds."
Wales are currently ranked 26th in the world and are preparing for the European Championships in Cardiff in August, so will relish an important series win over 17th-ranked Scotland.
Find out how to get into hockey with our special guide.Some see in this the potential for a new era in Russian-French relations. Maybe not the strategic alliance of old, but certainly an end to the modern-day chill.
Events have certainly moved quickly. A year ago France was in the middle of a nasty spat over warships which it was refusing to sell to Vladimir Putin.
For France, the Russian leader was a destabilising presence on Europe's eastern borders. EU sanctions - intended to contain Russian ambitions in Crimea and Ukraine - had full French backing.
Today there are more pressing concerns.
In the wake of the Paris attacks, President Hollande had a vision of a single, united international coalition - the nations of the world working together to eradicate IS.
Realities have since deflated that ambition. The Americans and the Russians are not going to work together any time soon. And the Turko-Russian crisis over the downed Sukhoi Russian warplane is a further complication.
But still, the French want as many countries on side as possible. And the Russians - by dint of their military presence in Syria - are a major player.
As one diplomatic official told Le Monde: "Right now we are probably more prepared to work with the Russians than Barack Obama is."
President Hollande has two goals in his talks with Vladimir Putin.
First he wants to persuade Russia to direct its airstrikes away from the "moderate" Syrian opposition and onto targets belonging to IS.
Second, he wants a firmer understanding that Russia will not stick indefinitely behind Bashar al-Assad.
The French feel they have made a significant change in policy by de-prioritising the removal of the Syrian leader.
It took a good deal of pride-swallowing to make the concession, because until two weeks ago Paris was President Assad's greatest scourge.
But there is only so far that the French will go down this line. And they feel Russia should also give some slack.
There are a number of factors in favour of a rapprochement.
First of all, Russia has itself now come face-to-face with IS terrorism - with the destruction of the tourist plane from Sharm el-Sheikh.
This has jolted perceptions in Moscow, for which IS is now a designated enemy.
Second, Russia has every interest in cultivating Paris as a new friend.
Straight after the Paris attacks, Mr Putin ordered his military to co-ordinate with the French in the campaign against IS - an unprecedented act given that France is in Nato.
The Russian leader was effusive with compassion, and even sent a dog - Dobrynya - to replace Diesel the French special forces Alsatian who was killed in the raid in Saint Denis.
It was all very deliberate, because there is nothing the Russians would like more than to lure the French out of the American-Western orbit.
In the geopolitics departments of Russian universities - and some French ones too - this is regarded as a historically-determined necessity.
France and Russia, after all, are two great nations lying at either end of the European continent - with a shared interest in preventing its domination either by outsiders (the US) or insiders (Germany).
Throughout the last three centuries the two countries have been periodic allies - notably in the run-up to World War One.
But also President Charles de Gaulle himself - though viscerally anti-Communist - kept his distance from the Americans by flirting with the Soviet Union.
What could be more natural - say Kremlin insiders - than for France to resume its natural role, triangulating between Washington and Moscow?
But tempting as this might sound to some in France, there is no geostrategic shift in the offing.
For one thing the French do not trust Vladimir Putin.
For another, the two countries still have opposing visions on too many key issues.
France will never abandon Ukraine. And in the Middle East, France's allies are the Gulf states and Saudi Arabia - not the Shia axis backed by Russia.
There is a concordance of interests bringing Paris and Moscow together. With luck, this will help in the battle against IS.
But there is no new alliance.Could they be trusted to get the public finances "back in order".
It was an age-old attack narrative used by the Conservatives over the decades - to great success.
Labour breaks the national bank, eventually, it was claimed.
And the Conservatives are voted in to sweep up the mess.
It was a policy that became known by a single word - austerity.
In the Budget of 2010, Mr Osborne, the Chancellor, announced £81bn of cuts over four years, some of the sharpest reversals in public financing seen for decades.
"It is a hard road, but it leads to a better future," he said.
The argument held, just, in 2015.
Ed Miliband relentlessly attacked the Conservatives on the issue of "cuts".
And was rejected at the ballot box.
Yesterday, a change, and economically as well as politically, a pretty fundamental one.
Yes, Labour didn't win the election.
But Jeremy Corbyn - on a vision of higher spending, higher taxes and higher levels of investment - came closer than almost everyone, apart from maybe Jeremy Corbyn, believed possible.
So close that Theresa May will need the support of the Democratic Unionist Party to maintain her government.
What next for the "sound money" pledge contained in the Conservative manifesto, the idea that cuts would continue for the sake of the health of public finances?
Well, like a number of pledges made by Mrs May, let's say it might well be flexible.
One Tory close to Number 10 told me that the message would need to change or Mrs May would not be able to convince non-Conservative voters to back her.
"It's time for the austerity policies to shift," he said.
Nick Macpherson, the former permanent secretary at the Treasury, tweeted the election result "guarantees a higher deficit".
In short, many economists believe the government will be obliged to borrow more as political uncertainty weighs on growth, leading to less wealth creation and therefore the need for higher borrowing.
Mrs May and her chancellor were already saying before the election - most clearly in private - that the age of constant cuts was harder to sell to the public.
But rather than make an increase in spending the focus of their "offer" to the voter - as Labour tried to do - they allowed the whiff of tax rises to hang over their campaign.
The triple tax lock of 2015 (no increases in income tax, national insurance contributions or VAT) was dumped in favour of a single lock on VAT and a vaguer pledge to lower taxes generally.
Mrs May also abandoned the pensions triple lock, which guaranteed a rise in the annual pension of at least 2.5% a year.
And said nothing about curtailing the public sector pay freeze or reversing any of the in-work benefit reductions announced in previous Budgets.
Cuts to public services would continue, Mrs May suggested.
Cuts so deep that the Institute for Fiscal Studies wondered whether they were actually deliverable.
The "tough" party was still on show, and with poll leads storming above 20%, it seemed like a tactic that could work.
But it crumbled in the face of Labour's very different proposition.
Mr Corbyn was the change candidate, Mrs May "more of the same".
The classic election split which plays well for the former if people are feeling dissatisfied with where their lives are.
And in an era when real incomes are once again falling, "change" had many attractions.
Now, I expect that the Conservatives will do their best to distance themselves from the nasty party tag.
